Some credit needs to be given out because some amazing people deserve what I'm about to say and so much more. If you see them around, please please thank them for the help they have given me with the pack.
This pack started out as a forked project of the pack that Erra and Nate worked on. Erra, Nate, thank you.
This pack would not be possible without many helpful messages sent between myself, host Lara Stardust, and Host Faylen Claris. Many times I'm sure they wanted to rip my hair out because I just could not grasp the concept of one thing or another. But with the help and advice they have given me, look what things have become! Without you both, I'd would never have gotten half of the things in this pack working the way they do now.
Thanks goes out to max wilson for his help with ambience, ship, and what ever code he decides to work on.
Thanks to Jitel Gold scale for the planetary music.
Thanks to [Gladr Gold scale for his sound contributions.
Thanks to host Faylen Claris for all the help with the buffers system.
Thanks to Andre Louis for some of the music in this pack. You can check out his stuff by going to http://www.andrelouis.com
Thanks to Stormy, Frederic, James and Angelica for their many contributions to the soundpack.
Thanks goes out to you. The users of this pack. Without you, I would have never uploaded this at all for people to take a look at. It's amazing how far this thing has come. So again, I, Snapp Blue scale, Thank you all!

***A note worth reading from The Hosts ***.

Hello!
While it is not said often, please take a moment to think about this soundpack.
Over 500, nearly 600 changes at the time of writing this file, stemming back over a year of soundpack development.
The road is long, and definitely not smooth.
The Developers working his way through like this though has been absolutely astounding.
There may be things you dislike about the pack.
There may be things you love about the pack.
But when you use it, make sure and tip your hat to The Developers in a "thank you", because he's worked dang hard for it.
Thanks
The Hosts.

New Admin team in place. Thank you, Snapp Blue Scale, for everything you have done to bring this soundpack to where it has come. Credit for all prior work goes, and will always go, to you.
