siekanas
Welcome to...       **
                   **
                  ** ******* **** ********
                 **  ****** **  ** ***  ***
                  **   **  ******** *******
                   **  ** **      ** **  **
                    ** ** **      ** **   **                   
         _______    ** ** **      ** **    **   ___________
        /       \  **  ** **      ** **     ** |           |
       /    ____/ **                         **|___     ___|
       |   /     **                           **   |   |
       |   |    _____ _____ _____ _   _ _____ _____|   |
       |   \___/  _  |  _  /  _  | | | |  -- | ____|   |
       \       | |_| | | | | |_| | |_| | ____|____ |   |
        \______\_____|_| |_\___  |_____|_____|_____|___|
                               | |_
                               | | |
                                \_/
Official Website: http://squidsoft.net
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Humanity has just emerged from the lowest point in its collective history, and
the closest it has been to extinction since the advent of agriculture. By the
year 2304, the Coalition of humans and their alien allies the Jinu has spread
across the stars, and thought themselves powerful. But the Outsiders, an alien
empire occupying vast reaches of Rimward space, proved them wrong. First contact
between the two allies was severed, and suddenly humanity was alone. Then the
Outsiders attacked in force, and human planets and governments fell one by one.
                         It was the apocalypse.
But contrary to the beliefs of many, not all hope was lost. After five years,
a single starship, the Percival Lowell, returned from Rimward space, bringing
with it the means to nullify the Outsiders' greatest weapon. With this, and the
help of many other brave pilots, the occupying Outsiders were driven off human
               worlds and back to where they came from.
 Humanity is now trying to rebuild, and trying to regain what it has lost. The
Outsiders are finished with occupation, and now desire only to see humans
extinct.
New threats and new mysteries seem to appear every day. In the midst of it all,
civilian starships span the stars, maintaining an open threat against any new
       invasion and trying to make a few credits while they're at it.
You too have felt the lure of this; the desire for a unique freedom that most
citizens will never know, the drive to explore, the need to defend your species,
         and yes, greed for the vast wealth that is to be had.
                   It is time to take to the stars.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to the original and still the most innovative pulp science fiction
multiplayer roleplaying adventure!
Originally opened in its classic form on 19 December 1998! Reopened in its new
iteration on 28 February 2009!
All original work (including setting, non-player characters, design, source
code, all related background material, and all text) located in this game or on
the Squidsoft.net website is copyright (c) Squidsoft.net 1998-2015. Unauthorised
reproduction prohibited.
Warning: Speech in this game is largely uncensored, and sensitive individuals
may find some other players offensive. The staff is ultimately not responsible
for the words and actions of the players.
The last server reset was at Thu May 26 15:50:17 2016 UTC
We're on Twitter! @StarConquest for server status notifications and out-of-game
contact!
No new announcements to display.
Squidsoft.net Account Support and Maintenance: http://moo.squidsoft.net:3333/
If you do not yet have a Squidsoft.net account, type CREATE or visit the above
web address.
Please log in now.
Account ID:
Password: 
EOF-0601
Retrieving account information. Please wait...
Account: siekanas
[1] Connect as Shule Elemmire
[2] Delete Character
[3] Log Out
Enter your selection.
1
*** Redirecting old connection to this port ***
Zandria Marschaund lopes in from the southeast.
Blake waves to Zandria Marschaund.
Morris waves to Zandria Marschaund.
Zandria Marschaund waves to Blake.
Zandria waves to Morris.
Nathaniel waves to Zandria.
Akemi says to Morris in a Japanese accent, "Little rock?"
Akemi waves.
Michael waves to Zandria.
Zandria waves to Melinda.
"It was a story my grandpa told me." Morris nods. "I think he was trying to
teach me the value of accepting things I didn't think so valuable when I was
given what I thought was a silly toy for my birthday one year."
wave zandria
You wave to Zandria.
Zandria waves to you.
"Have w found much?" asks Zandria.
"A few things," says Blake.
Zandria says, "Oh cool."
A briefly alarming screech turns out to be the cry of a seagull as it flashes
past a viewport overhead.
Zandria smiles.
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southeast.
Zandria says, "Just checking on stuff."
Kim Saunders waves.
Zandria waves.
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Zandria Marschaund lopes southeast.
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southeast.
Sakura Arakida waves.
Kim waves to Sakura.
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a cold ice cream sandwich.
Sakura Arakida navigates her rosebud pink touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
wave sakura
You wave to Sakura.
Lily waves.
Akemi gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Sakura exclaims, "Not bad findings over the past few days guys!"
Michael says, "We found Blake's brain."
Kim laughs.
"Yeah," says Kim, "we found a few nice things."
Akemi Bando removes a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated
rescue pod from a smooth black velvet handbag.
Akemi says to Nathaniel in a Japanese accent, "Do you want this?"
Morris Corlew puts something which may once have been a robot's finger joint in
a small black leather backpack.
Morris Corlew closes a small black leather backpack.
Nathaniel Owens quickly drains a cup of room temperature cafe mocha.
Akemi Bando puts a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated rescue
pod on a reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic top and
spindly chrome-plated legs.
Nathaniel Owens puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
"You got an image as it landed?" Nathaniel asks.
Akemi Bando removes a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated
rescue pod from a reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic
top and spindly chrome-plated legs.
Akemi Bando gives a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated rescue
pod to Nathaniel Owens.
Akemi says, "I used the space imager on my capsule."
"This was when it blew up, right?" Nathaniel asks.
"Yeah," says Akemi, "I think I took that over Chetumal as it was doing the
approach."
Nathaniel laughs.
Kim asks in a New Bristol accent, "Wow, what is that picture?"
Nathaniel Owens gives a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated
rescue pod to Kim Saunders.
Akemi says in a Japanese accent, "Only the finest in space imager action photo
journalism."
Kim Saunders gives a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated
rescue pod to Nathaniel Owens.
Nathaniel says to Kim, "That is from when I tried a bari pod and everything went
to shit."
Kim asks, "Uhm, the turrets are overrated?"
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a cold ice cream sandwich.
"Can I see?" Morris grins.
Nathaniel says to Kim, "Don't ask me why I used that name. I dunno."
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the southeast.
Nathaniel says to Akemi, "You got it right in shot while it was flying."
The ship's hull creaks as it travels through space, but it sounds like the
creaking of wooden planks rather than of metal hull plates.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders out.
"Well folks," says Morris, "I might go get cleaned up a bit."
Nathaniel Owens gives a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated
rescue pod to Akemi Bando.
"Back in a bit," says Nathaniel in a Candelarian accent.
Nathaniel waves.
Nathaniel Owens strides southeast.
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a cold ice cream sandwich.
"Later folks," says Morris.
Morris Corlew scrambles to his feet.
Morris Corlew meanders southwest.
Kim Saunders says into the PA microphone, "Rest well."
Akemi Bando puts a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated rescue
pod on a reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic top and
spindly chrome-plated legs.
Akemi Bando says into the PA microphone, "Morris that picture's on the coffee
table in the control room."
The smell of salt and the sounds of the waves slowly begin to fade, until once
more nothing but a formless void surrounds the ship.
The formless mists suddenly resolve into a dust-laden wind. After a moment the
dust settles, and one of the horses in front of you lets out a quiet whicker as
the carriage's wheels creak ceaselessly below.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ok, thanks. I'll
check it out in a bit."
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the airlock.
Simon Collins scrambles to his feet.
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
Lily says in a New Earth accent, "Oops."
Lily laughs.
Lily Kaise says, OOCly, "What the."
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo rubs up against a modern white pod chair
with a cream leather interior, purring softly.
Kim Saunders strokes the soft fur of Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo purrs and rubs its head against Kim's
hand, looking up at her adoringly.
Michael Winters strokes the soft fur of Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo purrs softly.
Lily Kaise removes a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated
rescue pod from a reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic
top and spindly chrome-plated legs.
Lily Kaise puts a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated rescue
pod on a reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic top and
spindly chrome-plated legs.
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a cold ice cream sandwich.
Simon Collins meanders in from the southwest.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
take rescue pod form table
I see no "rescue pod form table" here.
take rescue pod from table
You remove a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated rescue pod
from a reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic top and
spindly chrome-plated legs.
l image
a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'
A simple box. You may LABEL it to help you identify it!
It is closed.
l photo
a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated rescue pod
You see an escape pod here.
"Turrets Are Overrated Rescue Pod" is written along its hull in blocky silver
letters.
The designation "ISC-Rescue-11" is stamped in tiny letters near its landing
struts.
This is an egg-shaped pod, shaped rather unlike most starships, but of course it
has a very specialized purpose. Its broad base houses its computer and flight
equipment, while the round upper portion contains a cramped life support
section, designed to house the once crew of an exploded starship and bring them
swiftly to safety.
The hull is gleaming and painted a white color with gunmetal grey trim. Its
landing struts are flawless and strong and painted gunmetal grey.
It is floating against a backdrop of space.
put photo on table
You put a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated rescue pod on a
reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic top and spindly
chrome-plated legs.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo stares curiously up at Sakura Arakida.
"At least the rift's been good to us," Sakura says. "No strange things doing
strange things."
Kim says, "The worst thing we have come across so far is an energetic rift
storm."
Kim Saunders finishes off a cold ice cream sandwich.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo jumps into Kim Saunders's lap and settles
in, purring.
Kim Saunders strokes the soft fur of Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo purrs and rubs its head against Kim's
hand, looking up at her adoringly.
Michael Winters blinks heavily and then dozes off.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
A dusty, earthy smell permeates the hot and dry air. The ship seems to be
constantly shaking, bumping along its path. From the front of the ship you hear
a faint animal grunt, like the whinnying of horses. The flooring seems wooden
and the walls are soft like fabric, almost warm to the touch. Outside the
windows, the ship appears to be progressing down a cobbled road. Grass stretches
away before fading to mist. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green
status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, Kosmo the humanoid service
robot, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is
sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a
modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is dozing on a black leather sectional
sofa. Melinda Michaels is dozing on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Sakura
Arakida is standing here. Kim Saunders and Simon Collins are sitting on a black
leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a peanut butter sandwich.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a peanut butter sandwich.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a peanut butter sandwich.
A small stand of trees passes by on the right of the carriage.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a peanut butter sandwich.
Lily Kaise finishes off a peanut butter sandwich.
Morris Corlew meanders in from the southeast.
Kim waves to Morris Corlew.
Morris Corlew waves to Kim.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Morris Corlew selects a single fluffy popped kernel from a small red and white
bag of hot cheesy popcorn and eats it.
Morris Corlew reaches repeatedly into a small red and white bag of hot cheesy
popcorn, coming up with single kernels of popcorn and tossing them into his
mouth one by one.
A single bison studies your passing carriage from the side of the road.
Morris Corlew removes a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated
rescue pod from a reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic
top and spindly chrome-plated legs.
"I kinda feel for him." Morris whistles. "He's pretty upset over all this."
Morris Corlew puts a space imaging photograph of the Turrets Are Overrated
rescue pod on a reflective oval coffee table with a transparent yellow plastic
top and spindly chrome-plated legs.
Blake says to Morris, "Who?"
"Who, Nathaniel?" Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Morris says, "Nathaniel."
Blake says, "Why."
"He had a pod go wrong and blew up a couple ships," says Morris, "one with a
bunch of felo on it."
Kim says, "Ouch."
"What kind of pod did he have go wrong?" Kim asks.
Blake says, "Regular."
Morris nods. "Just a regular bari pod I think."
Blake says, "If it's what I'm thinking about, it was a nest."
Blake says, "Oh."
Blake says, "It was the bari pod."
"What happened with it then?" Kim asks.
"He should've called for help then," Blake says.
Blake says to Kim, "I think he went in to deep before dropping the bomb, and his
ship got blown up because of it."
"I wasn't there and don't know enough to comment on that." Morris shrugs. "As it
is he knows way more than me."
"Yeah," says Morris, "he said something to that effect."
nod
You nod.
Kim says, "That really sucks."
Morris says, "He lost two ships."
Morris nods.
Kim asks, "2 ships with 1 pod?"
'one was on the beacon housing and blew up too
You say in a New Phoenician accent, "One was on the beacon housing and blew up
too."
"How did that happen?" Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Morris says, "When he talked about it the other day, he wasn't sure exactly."
Kim says, "Very strange."
Morris says, "It was just gone."
'he landed his mule on the beacon housing, took a fighter to the bari pod and
didn't get out intime.
"He landed his mule on the beacon housing," you say, "took a fighter to the bari
pod and didn't get out intime."
Blake nods to you.
"Yeah," asks Kim, "but then the mule should still be on the beacon housing?"
Blake says in a Candelarian accent, "That's what I thougth."
Blake says, "Thought."
Morris says, "Yeah, but it wasn't."
'Yeah, you'd think so, but no.
You say, "Yeah, you'd think so, but no."
'Beacon housing stayed in tack, his ship went caboom.
You say, "Beacon housing stayed in tack, his ship went caboom."
"Is he sure he just took the fighter to the pod?" Kim asks. "It's definitely a
very odd story."
Morris shrugs. "That, I don't know."
"If the beacon housing stayed in tact, how ever did the ship on it go boom?" Kim
asks. "It's simply not possible."
shrug 'Beats me.
You shrug. "Beats me."
"He's a little sore about the paperwork and the loss of the ships," says Morris,
"but a lot more sore about the felo he lost."
nod morris
You nod to Morris.
Kim says, "I can imagine that."
'Going to nap for a bit. See you all in a while
"Going to nap for a bit," you say. "See you all in a while."
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
wave
Kim smiles at you. "Ok."
You wave.
Kim waves to you.
Lily Kaise waves to you.
"Maybe one of the felo sat on the controls and actually flew it off somewhere,"
Morris says. "From what I understand, the ebacon housing wasn't damaged but the
ship was just gone."
Lily hugs you.
hug lily
You hug Lily.
se
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, and a shiny
red deluxe ramen cooker with a golden dragon on top here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
s
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
s
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, and Maggie the hefty indigo feathered felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and a
Tardick lizard named Asteria here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, and a
glossy sea green ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, and west.
You can't go that way.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, and a blue plastic food storage container here.
You can go east.
remove boots
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Sleep well Shule."
You tug a pair of light brown leather boots decorated with silver stars off of
your feet.
A single bison studies your passing carriage from the side of the road.
pa Thanks
You speak into the microphone.
drop boots
You put down a pair of light brown leather boots decorated with silver stars.
lie bed
You lie down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
A small stand of trees passes by on the right of the carriage.
A sudden cloud of dust is kicked up, obscuring your vision.
Bursts of multicolored light suddenly blind you as they slice across your view,
forming winding pathways through billowing clouds.
Flashes of light pulsate from the rainbow pathways.
The rainbow pathways generate quick, erratic pulses of light.
A beam of light shines through the air, quickly fading to sparkling dust.
A beam of light shines through the air, quickly fading to sparkling dust.
The rainbow pathway sparkles as the clouds rush away, leaving behind shimmering
blackness and finally regular space.
Listen. You need to be careful.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
This is a small room designed to give crew members a place to sleep while on
long journeys, and it isn't large enough to do much else. A long counter is
bolted to the wall opposite the entryway, and two narrow bunks have been bolted
to the two remaining walls. A small keypad is next to the door, controlling a
simple lock. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, and a pair of light brown
leather boots decorated with silver stars here.
You can go east.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.)
It's the journey, not the destination, that matters.
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Cheese and cheese
biscuit with cheese. Wasn't this once ham and cheese?"
Melinda Michaels's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yup."
who
There appear to be about 15 pilots recently active.
The starship's computer and QE comm detect:
*Shule Elemmire  (A)
*Lily Kaise  (A)
*Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
%Angel Martin  (A)
*Sakura Arakida  (L)
*Akemi Bando  (L)
*Simon Collins  (L)
*Melinda Michaels  (L)
*Morris Corlew  (L)
*Nissi Valdaire  (L) [a]
%Simon Privorda  (L) [c]
*Nathaniel Owens  (F)
%Matteo Winkler  (F)
%Tony Cross  (F)
%Cesar Ysidro  (F) [a]
* == Out of communications range
% == Detected via Quantum Entanglement comm
Additionally, there are 12 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 27 pilots.
They're just using you.
It's the journey, not the destination, that matters.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly into the area.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tail.
In the end, you can't really trust anyone but yourself, can you?
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tail.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly east.
Don't let them trick you.
Remember what I said.
You mentally sigh in relief as you return to the starship.
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "You can run, but you
can not hide."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Everything ok up
there? Who are you chasing, Kim?"
Nathaniel Owens's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "There shooting me!
With water guns."
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I am not chasing
anyone."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I think I'll stay
down here, ha!"
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Chicken livers!"
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Na, come on up, we
are just having a good time."
Zandria Marschaund's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Chicken shits!"
Zandria Marschaund's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Hahahahahahaha!
"
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "It's a zandria!"
Zandria Marschaund's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yeah. It's me."
Zandria Marschaund's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "And I don't
have one of those so not fair."
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Morris, come on up
here."
You hear what sounds like voices in another part of the ship, but you don't
recognize them and you can't hear what they're saying.
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Hello?"
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Quit hiding."
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "If there's anyone
else here. Show yourselves..."
You faintly hear Sakura Arakida's voice on the external PA saying, "anyone out
there... speak up now."
stand
You stand up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
e
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, and Jasmin the small red glowing felo here.
You can go north, east, and west.
n
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, a Tardick lizard named Freyja, and Maggie the sleeping hefty
indigo feathered felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and a
Tardick lizard named Zeus here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, a glossy lavender ceramic felo
chow bowl, and Sassie the large fuchsia felo here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, Kosmo the humanoid service
robot, a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos', and a Tardick lizard
named Isis here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters and
Simon Collins are dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Nissi Valdaire is
dozing on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Kim Saunders is sitting on a
black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Lily Kaise, and Melinda Michaels
are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a
dark yellow leather captain's chair. Nathaniel Owens is standing here. Zandria
Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream oriental rug. Morris Corlew
is leaning against a wall.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
wave
You wave.
Morris waves to you.
"I don't think so Morris," Zandria says.
"Could do a lot of harm too," Kim says.
Kim waves to you.
Lily waves and smiles at you.
sit coucsmile lily
I can't find "coucsmile lily."
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
Morris says, "Like I said...don't know what it owuld do...a lot or nothing...in
the end, probably nothing good."
"Don't beat the snowglobes," says Akemi.
Zandria says to Morris, "And after all we don't want war between us and the rift
beings."
Sakura considers a crimson vibro-baton thoughtfully.
Kim says to you in a New Bristol accent, "Duck, there are active water pistols
in the neighbourhood."
Morris nods to Zandria. "Uh...no."
take pistol
I see no "pistol" here.
openb riefcase
Melinda Michaels carefully aims a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at you and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking you completely.
I don't understand that.
open briefcase
You open a leather briefcase.
Melinda Michaels puts a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed
on the side in a black canvas gear bag.
take pistol
You remove a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on the side
from a leather briefcase.
"Oh oh," says Melinda.
-kim I have defense.
You say to Kim, "I have defense."
Sakura Arakida moves a small switch on a crimson vibro-baton.
A crimson vibro-baton begins shaking, producing a loud rattling noise.
Kim says, "Too late."
Melinda laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Zandria says to Morris, "I thought it would be creepy to get lost in there. If
they really wanted to be after us, goodness knows what they could do."
Sakura says, "Uh..."
Sakura Arakida moves a small switch on a crimson vibro-baton.
A crimson vibro-baton falls silent.
Lily laughs.
Sakura quickly stuffs a crimson vibro-baton into a dark metallic pink scorched
metal thigh holster.
Morris frowns. "Uh...yeah."
Sakura says, "Something that can beat the crap out of you shouldn't act like a
vibrater."
Sakura Arakida puts a crimson vibro-baton in a dark metallic pink scorched metal
thigh holster.
Kim says to Sakura, "Why not, it can just hurt more that way."
Zandria says to Sakura, "That's what at the same time makes me cackle and makes
me wince."
Morris blushes and winces.
Sakura Arakida takes off a long red leather whip.
Sakura idly twirls a long red leather whip.
Sakura Arakida puts on a long red leather whip.
Sakura Arakida takes off a long red leather whip.
"And to imagine I actually used my baton once," Kim says. "On the low setting
though."
Sakura smirks at Zandria.
Sakura Arakida forcefully thrashes a long red leather whip at Zandria
Marschaund.
Zandria Marschaund is stunned!
Zandria Marschaund comes back to her senses, appearing only slightly sore.
Lily Kaise removes a neon pink vibro-baton from a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Melinda whistles.
Morris stares at Sakura. "I think I'm going to go take a nap..."
Zandria tickles Sakura!
Sakura Arakida puts on a long red leather whip.
Sakura laughs at Zandria.
"Ooooh," asks Zandria, "in a very excitable mood we are, aren't we?"
Sakura snickers.
"Yeah, uhm," says Kim.
Sakura says to Zandria, "It was just a love tap."
A Tardick lizard named Isis blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent
to its surroundings.
Sakura laughs.
"I don't want to have to use the first aid kit, mind you," Kim says.
Melinda giggles.
Sakura says to Zandria, "And no that doesn't and won't find it's way into our
bedroom games."
Zandria says, "Aw, it's nothing."
"We're scaring the lizards," says Blake in a Candelarian accent. "And by we, I
mean you."
Morris nods to Blake.
Melinda says, "They probably are more violent than that during their private
time."
Melinda smirks.
"We don't want to scare the lizards," Zandria says. "As a matter of fact I like
lizards."
Kim says to Morris, "And you just woke up, no need to go to bed so soon?"
Zandria smiles.
Zandria Marschaund strokes a Tardick lizard named Isis lovingly.
Lily Kaise puts a neon pink vibro-baton in a lavender silk backpack embroidered
with brightly hued butterflies.
"If I don't go for whip next term," says Sakura, "the new one is going to get a
candy coated one."
Sakura laughs.
Melinda laughs.
Sakura says, "And I'd do it too."
Lily laughs.
Something tickles the back of your neck.
laugh
You laugh.
Sakura blinks.
Blake says to Sakura, "Do you do that with your bedroom games?"
Sakura says, "Guys..."
Blake says, "Er."
Morris says to Kim, "I wasn't sleeping earlier...just needed some quiet time.
And these two...I was beginning to wonder if the rift was making me see...uh..."
Blake says to Melinda, "Do you do that with your bedroom games?"
Sakura asks, "Was anyone else other than me tickeled?"
Zandria says, "I was."
Akemi asks, "What'd you all think of Tanny Hill announcing she's running for
Voice?"
Kim asks, "Hey, hey, who did that?"
Lily rolls her eyes.
Morris says, "Yeah, and not the first time."
Sakura says to Akemi, "Gag me with a spoon that's what I think."
Kim suspiciously glances around the room.
Blake says, "Don't bother me none."
Blake says, "If she wants to run for her voice, let her."
Morris says to Akemi, "I like the idea about first aid training."
A Tardick lizard named Isis trundles slowly southeast.
Sakura glances around.
Zandria says, "Just wonder what tickled us."
Zandria glances around at her surroundings.
Morris says to Zandria, "Rift bugs."
"I don't know her that well," Kim says.
Zandria says, "Uh let's hope not."
"I've only met her in the lounge, never worked with her," Morris says. "But she
seems to have a couple good ideas."
"Tough to get used to those new names a few people have given themselves," Kim
says. "Especially Berry to Elizabeth, I don't follow."
Lily nods.
nod
You nod.
Lily says, "Their identities change with the wind."
"Tanny hill only changed cuz she hated pixie," Sakura says. "But don't get me
started on that."
Lily laughs.
Zandria nods.
Zandria Marschaund takes a sip of a shot of cognac.
Sakura says, "All she did was cut her last name in half and drop her first one."
"Can't say as I blame her," Morris says.
"I would not love my parents if they had called me Pixy either," Kim says.
Morris chuckles.
"I wouldn't either," says Sakura, "but I'd learn to live with it."
"Well I kind of agree," Zandria says. "If I didn't like the name Pixie, I'd get
rid of it as soon as I could."
Sakura says to Zandria, "At least you don't demmand to fly people's ships."
Zandria Marschaund finishes off a shot of cognac.
Sakura says, "Demand."
Morris raises an eyebrow at Sakura.
Lily says, "Well seems she could have changed that before coming into the ranks
of piloting and noone would have ever known."
chuckle sakura
You chuckle at Sakura.
"Demand to fly people's ships?" Kim asks. "That's not a good thing to do at
all."
Zandria says to Sakura, "Fuck no, unless I want to pay them billions for fucked
ships."
Zandria says, "Yeah sure I've done very low beacons but that doesn't right now
qualify me to fly anything above as of yet."
Kim says, "I am just glad I have my own pulsare now so I can fly beacons using
my own ship."
'Yeah, I don't like people demanding to fly my ship. They can as.
"Yeah, I don't like people demanding to fly my ship," you say in a New
Phoenician accent. "They can as."
'er, ask
"Er, ask," you say.
Melinda says to Zandria, "You can fly my gunship. Everybody else does."
Blake says to Zandria, "You are flying my ships next time I do missions."
'but demand
You say, "But demand."
Melinda says to Blake, "Get your own pilots."
An orange digital felo game emits a beep that slowly descends in tone as the
felo goes to sleep.
grin zandria 'You can fly mine too.
You grin at Zandria. "You can fly mine too."
"Are you sure?" asks Zandria. "If people really want me to do that I want flying
lessons so I don't blow up someone's ship."
Sakura looks at Zandria thoughtfully.
Blake says, "Night night fake felo."
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "You're not allowed to fly mine!"
Lily laughs.
Melinda says to Zandria, "Lillian and I can give you lessons."
laugh lily
You laugh at Lily.
"And that isn't just me demanding," Zandria says.
Blake shrugs.
Morris frowns. "Can't believe it makes noise when it sleeps."
Zandria says, "It's insurance for you as well."
Blake says to Zandria, "If you wanna learn, get out there and do it."
Blake says to Zandria, "You just had 3 people tell you that they want you
piloting."
Zandria says to Blake, "Oh I have. Problem is I still suck."
Zandria laughs.
Sakura says to Zandria, "Take this example. An enemy is west of you and they
lock on you. You can quickly fly north to put it southwest of you."
-zandria We all sucked at some point.
You say to Zandria, "We all sucked at some point."
Morris says, "Some of us still do."
Blake says to Zandria, "Right. We'll help you."
"Well," says Kim, "if you fly the ship belonging o an experienced pilot's ship,
they can always take over if things really go out of control."
-zandria 'Hell, I still do.
You say to Zandria, "'Hell, I still do."
Morris grins.
Melinda says to Zandria, "We'll go over things when we get home. See what you
need work with."
Blake nods to Kim.
"If it locks on you again," says Sakura, "you can fly southwest and up to put it
below you."
"You can fly north, south, up and down," Zandria says. "Just as long as you're
in firing range right?"
Blake says to Kim, "It's what I did with Takana."
Blake says, "And cara."
"And the trick is don't move constantly, wait untill something locks then move,"
Sakura says. "Unless it's a rapid."
Zandria nods.
Blake says, "Or ifs."
Melinda says, "Nonsense."
Zandria says, "Or those dumb villeins."
Melinda says, "Why would you move constantly against IFS as they will hit you
anyway."
"Actually I do that with a rapid too," says Kim, "especially the first few
minutes after it has done it's little trick."
"I've improved my gunning but haven't even started piloting," Morris says. "I
about got myself killed trying to go after a slightly bigger RAT than I did when
I was a cadet."
Sakura says to Zandria, "Nope villians you fly when they lock. It's really
rapids and ifs you want constant flying with."
Blake says, "Keeps me fingers moving."
'I don't move constantly with rapids.
"I don't move constantly with rapids," you say.
Kim says to Sakura, "That is strange."
"With IFS, keep the majority of them as far from you as you can," Akemi says.
"It takes them longer to lock the further you are from them. Less damage, that
way."
Sakura nods to Akemi.
nod akemi
You nod to Akemi.
"Hmmmm..." says Zandria.
Blake exclaims, "Right!"
"So," says Blake.
"Yeah, and other than that, only fire when they lock on you," Kim says. "You
can't avoid those other hits anyway."
"Oh you can't?" asks Zandria.
'Nope
You say, "Nope."
"Zandria is going to learn how to fly highs in a cruiser when we get back,"
Blake says. "From melinda."
'Not really
You say, "Not really."
"No," says Kim, "you can't avoid long range laser hits."
Blake nods and nods.
'Assault warpers and rapids, you can really only just hope and pray they don't
assault warp.
"Assault warpers and rapids," you say, "you can really only just hope and pray
they don't assault warp."
"So no matter what you goofed say well I don't mean just long range lasers,"
says Zandria, "minis and the like too."
"Highs in a cruiser?" asks Kim. "I've been a pilot for a year and 6 months, and
I still can't do that."
Blake stares at Kim.
-kim I've seen you fly. you could do it
You say to Kim, "I've seen you fly. You could do it."
"I have only flown a cruiser once," says Kim, "for a total of 5 minutes, while
shule had a little problem to deal with."
"Cruisers are fun, though my only cruiser high was against ifs," Sakura says. "I
want to fly one against outsiders, but mel's gunship was fun, and so was akemi's
frigget!"
grin sakura
You grin at Sakura.
You see a figure walk past the open doorway out of the corner of your eye.
Sakura says, "Uh."
Blake glances around at his surroundings.
Sakura Arakida says into the PA microphone, "Hello?"
Morris glances around at his surroundings.
"Wow," says Kim. "Uhm."
Sakura Arakida stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Sakura Arakida strides southeast.
Blake moves his hand to his holster slightly.
"I need to get my Hyperion fighter when I get back," says Zandria, "put the
newest upgrades and autovec on that bitch and see how I do."
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southwest.
Sakura Arakida strides out.
Zandria Marschaund scrambles to her feet.
Zandria Marschaund lopes out.
Sakura Arakida just entered the ship.
Sakura Arakida says into the PA microphone, "Nothing and no one hiding on this
deck."
Sakura Arakida says in a Japanese accent, "Peaches did you see anything."
Peaches the little white CatBot tilts its head and mews in confusion.
Sakura Arakida strides southwest.
Morris Corlew strokes Peaches the little white CatBot lovingly.
Zandria Marschaund just entered the ship.
Kim says to Zandria Marschaund, "I used the standard fighter until I had the
points for a bastille."
Zandria Marschaund asks in an Old Earth accent, "A bastille?"
Blake nods.
-zandria But seriously, if you ever want to fly mine, just let me know. I'll be
there if you need help.
You say to Zandria, "But seriously, if you ever want to fly mine, just let me
know. I'll be there if you need help."
Blake says, "Go look in the docking bay."
"I like the heavy Fighter it's great," Lily says.
"Yeah," says Kim, "if you wanna see one, there's a couple docked in the docking
bay."
'They're cool!
You exclaim, "They're cool!"
Blake says, "I only use a fighter and a marauder."
"Oh nice," says Zandria. "I won't mess with them. If anything, look at their
stats."
Kim says, "The League gunship is a great training ship though."
'I keep getting assault warpers though when I fly high beacons in it.
"I keep getting assault warpers though when I fly high beacons in it," you say.
Lily says, "I do have a Bastille but it draws higher so unless I'm in the mood
for a challenge..."
Blake says, "The wing is the future."
"I've thought about trading in my flitter for a fighter since I have the hauler
too, but haven't made up my mind," Morris says. "I still don't have the points
for much else."
Kim says, "You can afford a fair amount of hits before things get critical and
the weapons are better than the AEU gunship."
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Nothing and no one
strange."
Blake nods to Morris. "I would."
Blake Madison says into the PA microphone, "Woo."
nod lily
You nod to Lily.
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southwest.
Sakura Arakida sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower
pattern.
Sakura Arakida says in a Japanese accent, "Call me paranoied I had to look."
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "Other than us."
Lily says to Morris, "Those are two different types of ships so I wouldn't get
rid of one for another."
Blake says, "Never saw the appeal of a flitter."
"They have better grid management," Lily says.
Morris nods to Blake. "Well, that's what I'm thinking."
Zandria says, "Well damn."
"And you could probably throw torps and the latest upgrades on them too,"
Zandria says.
"If you have a fighter and a hauler," asks Morris, "what's the point of having a
flitter too?"
Zandria Marschaund puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
"For variety," says Lily.
'Thing about the bastille is that assault warpers in a fighter is definitely
fun.
You say, "Thing about the bastille is that assault warpers in a fighter is
definitely fun."
Blake says, "Besides paying the insurance cmpany more."
Zandria Marschaund removes a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition"
from a black suede handbag covered with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Zandria Marschaund turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Zandria Marschaund reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Kim says, "I never had a flitter."
Morris says to Lily, "'yeah, but what does the flitter do that the other two
can't?"
Lily says to Morris, "I just told you."
"It has higher grid available so you won't need to recharge as often," Lily
says.
"The Fringe flitters are pretty neat," Akemi says.
Morris says to Lily, "Missed that, sorry."
Zandria Marschaund turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Akemi says, "Four light turrets and a heavy mount too."
Lily exclaims, "No problem!"
Lily smiles.
Zandria Marschaund reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Lily says to Morris, "Get a copy of your alliance's upgrades book and study it a
bit. Then you can decide."
Morris says, "Problem is I really don't qualify for any upgrades to speak of."
Morris grins. "Yeah, I have it."
Lily says, "You will eventually."
-morris Give it time. You'll get there.
You say to Morris, "Give it time. You'll get there."
"I was reading it earlier but there's a lot I don't understand," Morris says.
"Well," says Kim, "give it some time and ask help if you cant figure it out."
Morris nods. "I know...I need to get my industry points up. Right now my total
is half SCPs."
"Yeah Industry drives a lot," Lily says.
Blake says, "Woo salvaging."
Akemi Bando removes a necklace with a silver charm resembling a circle of
inward-facing sharp points from a small black leather zip pouch.
'It sure helps.
You say, "It sure helps."
Kim says, "Combat too, though."
Akemi Bando puts a necklace with a silver charm resembling a circle of
inward-facing sharp points in a small black leather zip pouch.
Akemi Bando removes a point summary printout from a black leather pocketbook.
Morris nods. "I took some good advice on the courier."
Kim Saunders tips the bowl into her mouth and drinks the richly flavored broth,
finishing it off.
Blake says to Akemi, "Pointy."
Akemi Bando puts a point summary printout in a black leather pocketbook.
Morris says, "That helped."
Lily says, "Even though it's a lot of work and borring work."
grin lily
You grin at Lily.
Morris says to Lily, "'it's better than salvaging."
"I just let my belt station get my industry," Blake says.
"Yeah," says Kim, "missions from SVP and later accord, and 134th."
Akemi says, "I'll probably clear 9000 industry from my belt management stuff
when we get home."
Lily says, "Well ocurier work is ok but it doesn't yield much industry like
Salvaging or Tesla would."
"Courier that is," says Lily.
'I prefer Tesla
"I prefer Tesla," you say.
"Mail was helping me learn my way around the stations," says Morris, "but I was
advised couriering would do me better with points."
Zandria asks, "So where is SHipex?"
Zandria asks, "Shipex?"
Blake asks, "Huh?"
Morris says, "I wanna do more Tesla."
"I need to slow down with my industry now for a bit," Kim says. "Want my other
point categories to catch up some."
"Priority courier work is good," Akemi says. "About seven tenths of an industry
point per delivery."
Morris says, "I've only been once."
Lily says to Morris, "Also do all of the possible missions you san from Space
Vermin Patrol."
Lily says, "After awhile you won't be able to so."
Zandria says to Blake, "Shippex?"
Zandria Marschaund reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Kim nods. "Yeah, try to do them every day, or as many days as you can."
"I...have no idea," says Blake.
Akemi says to Zandria, "It's on the other side of the tunnel from Manhattan to
Jersey."
Morris grins at Lily. "Well...at one point I'd done so many no one would buy the
cores. Not even Crazy Eddy."
For a brief moment, everything seems to be normal.
The swirling mist parts to reveal a gaping mouth! Before you can react, the ship
has plunged into it and into a fleshy pink tunnel.
"Salvage missions are great for industry," Nissi says. "Also get a belt
station."
Lily says to Morris, "There's salvaging work from there too."
Zandria nods to Akemi.
"Ahhh!" exclaims Blake. "Nissi's awake."
nod nissi
You nod to Nissi.
Akemi says to Morris, "I wanted to call him "Eccentric Eddy" but he refused."
Kim says to Morris, "Yeah, after a while, they just have enough cores, but they
might by more the next day."
Zandria Marschaund turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Akemi says, "He was adamant that he's CRAZY."
Zandria laughs.
Lily nods to Nissi.
Zandria Marschaund reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Blake says to Nissi in a Candelarian accent, "Please save us."
Zandria Marschaund turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Morris says, "He was crazy not to buy those 3 extra cores."
Zandria Marschaund reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Zandria Marschaund turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Zandria Marschaund reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
The computer beeps in an imperative manner and informs you that the starship's
sensors have detected a new location of interest in the riftflow.
Zandria Marschaund turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
"Initially investing the equipment for belt management is a little expensive but
after it's up and running," says Lily, "you will appreciate having made the
investment."
Nissi asks, "Save us from what?"
Kim says, "Oh."
Zandria cheers.
Blake says, "Skip that."
Melinda says, "Blah."
Zandria Marschaund reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Simon exclaims in an English accent, "All the rocks!"
Morris says, "Speaking of asteroids..."
Blake says to Nissi in a Candelarian accent, "I don't know. I hadn't thought
that far yet."
Sakura exclaims, "Hey a roid cluster, this far out!"
Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
"We'll dro shule off here," Blake says. "Let him haul them all back home."
Blake says, "Drop."
Lily says, "Yup."
Kim laughs.
Lily exclaims, "Shule the roid king!"
"Might consider belt management," says Morris. "How bad is the startup on it?"
Lily grins at you.
chuckle
You chuckle.
"Should we go for a look?" Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Blake says to Kim in a Candelarian accent, "Nah."
"I want to go out hauling," says Morris, "but haven't had the chance yet."
Kim says to Morris, "When we are back home, you can go haul with me some day."
"I wouldn't unless one of these new pilots wants to practice," Melinda says.
"But, hopefully we will find more better things to practice with."
Morris nods to Kim. "Thanks."
grin
You grin.
Morris says, "I'm all for better things...very good things."
Kim asks, "Anyone want to practice who has not flown yet?"
Nissi says, "Make distance while speed is good, that's what I say."
Blake nods to Nissi.
Zandria asks, "Practice with what?"
"Ok," says Kim, "we will pass this one by."
Melinda says in a Bedford accent, "I used to stop for everything till Nissi
showed me my error."
Kim says to Akemi, "Should I still write a board post?"
Blake says, "So long asteroids."
Melinda says, "And her way made sense so, I go with it."
Zandria says, "Unfortunately I would suck at flying with the rift drive."
Morris says to Zandria, "Have you tried yet?"
Zandria says to Morris, "Once, but I didn't even come close to knowing what I
was doing back then."
Kim says to Zandria, "It takes practice, but at the same time the only way to
learn is by doing."
Morris says to Zandria, "'you need a good teacher like I had. Not saying I'm
good...might even flop my next try, but Akemi made it make sense so it was
easier."
Zandria says to Morris, "Well I will say that for sure. Just made putting
together a temp station look so easy."
Morris nods and grins.
"I still struggle with the edges, where is it north and where is it north
northeast," Kim says. "Where is it very slightly up and where is it slightly up.
You get the hang of it from just trying to do it."
Zandria says, "And I don't think any of us have asteroid haulers here."
Kim says, "We don't."
"Neither a place to haul a roid to," Kim says.
Zandria says to Kim in an Old Earth accent, "I do have a guide, but there was
supposed to be two papers in the guide. When one paper got ruined by something I
put it in my filing computer for future reference."
Zandria points at a personal filing computer.
"Ah, all right," says Kim. "That works."
Zandria says, "I didn't have money for that back then but that convinced me that
sometimes doing it electronically is safe."
Nissi says, "The different directions are every 22.5 degrees. Edges are 11
degrees plus or minus those."
"I don't have a computer thing," says Kim, "but I keep important things safe in
a portfolio."
Zandria says to Kim in an Old Earth accent, "And I totally didn't know about
those, but if I were in an area where I could print this stuff out that might be
helpful."
Sakura Arakida removes a small sparkly pale pink portfolio from a dark gold
canvas League gear bag.
Sakura Arakida puts a small sparkly pale pink portfolio in a dark gold canvas
League gear bag.
Kim says to Nissi in a New Bristol accent, "I will try to remember it that way."
Sakura says to Zandria, "Back to school in the chet mall has portfolios and
paper dispensers."
Zandria says, "And being relatively poor I can't afford those posterizers."
Zandria laughs.
Kim says, "Even your local mail room has portfolios."
Sakura says, "The ones in the chet mall are shinier though."
Sakura grins.
Zandria says to Sakura, "Oh right. Well I don't deny that I don't know all the
awesomeness of our galaxy's shopping."
Blake says, "Woo shinies."
"I learned the angles as a boy," says Morris, "so all it took was applying them
to the cardinal directions, which I'm admittedly not as good at."
Zandria says, "Oh right."
Zandria Marschaund switches on a personal filing computer.
Zandria says, "And you can't print from those anyway."
"Which is a shame," says Zandria.
"I usually count the big 45 degree sections until I get close to the heading I
want where I count smaller figures," Kim says. "It's the only way I can get it
into my head."
"I had one of those computers," says Melinda, "ruined it and Lily got me another
one."
Kim says to Melinda, "How do you ruine those?"
Melinda says to Kim in a Bedford accent, "Spilled something on it."
"Would-melinda they're really cool," says Zandria. "Only problem is I think
Dancing Sheep would profit more if the units had more features."
"Ouch," says Kim.
"If it has a zero, it's due n/e/s/w," Morris says. "If it ends in a 5, it's NE,
SE, NW, SW."
Zandria nods.
Kim nods.
Lily says to Morris, "Those are two different types of ships so I wouldn't get
rid of one for another."
"Go half that," says Morris, "and you've got the smaller sections."
Lily Kaise says, OOCly, "Oops forget that."
"If you are dead east, at zero, add or subtrack 12," Melinda says. "Twelve will
put you at eastnortheast and 357ish will put you at eastsoutheast."
Melinda says, "Uh 347."
Morris grins. "Yeah. I use the decimal place."
Zandria says, "Let me check something and I'll see if I can get you a paper like
I have that Akemi gave me."
Zandria Marschaund lopes southeast.
Morris says, "If I remember it's there, I remember what...piece...it is."
Kim says to Nissi in a New Bristol accent, "I really appreciated the trip on
your ship. Even though we never found Lily's ship, I got a lot of rift
navigation practice."
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a cup of freshly brewed coffee with cream and sugar.
Nissi smiles.
"Yeah, that was kinda fun," Nissi says. "Different sort of mission anyway."
Lily grins.
"Say I'm not someone who just takes a ship out alone and tries things," says
Kim, "but with that crew I felt comfortable to try."
Zandria Marschaund lopes in from the southwest.
Melinda says to Kim in a Bedford accent, "Be bold, take a ship out and try."
Melinda grins.
"Just a shame we didn't find the ship," Kim says in a New Bristol accent.
"Should have tried a bit harder maybe."
Lily nods.
"Although," says Kim, "we could have been way, way off."
"We stand a better chance of finding Keegan's carrier, or Elizabeth's void
piercer," Akemi says. "Those are closer in. Sorta."
Melinda says, "Some of us went out looking for Berry's ship a couple times with
no luck."
"Yeah, it's difficult without any landmarks," Nissi says in a Centaurian accent.
"Could have done some funky search pattern I guess, but it would take a looong
time to do that right."
Lily says, "Well the mainframe kept us aligned."
"I'm more the opposite," says Morris. "I'd rather screw myself than everyone
else. I don't liek the thougth of others counting on me and I screw up."
"Really," says Akemi, "we won't find any of them, even if we find the sites
they're parked in."
Lily says to Melinda, "Well I know exactly what opik-oort it is in but we got a
bit off course and so it goes. It was still fun."
"It would be incredible luck," Kim says.
Akemi says, "Just way too much space to search for a ship that's not putting out
any energy signature."
"Like a needle in a 100 hay stacks," Kim says.
"Yup, and we did the crazy search paterns," Melinda says. "Everything Akemi and
I could think of at least."
Lily says to Akemi in a New Earth accent, "We weren't expecting to search in
random space."
"Yeah," says Kim, "we found more planets than we have so far on this trip."
Akemi says to Melinda, "I figure we searched about half the space that the site
that void piercer was parked in could have been in."
"Still, I agree, I doubt we'vd spot it if we found the right opik-oort," Lily
says. "I just wanted the challenge of finding the same place where I abandoned
it."
Melinda nods to Akemi. "We probably did."
"The problem was," says Melinda, "she was less sure the further we went."
Akemi says to Lily, "Even if the site "Arthur Compton" is parked in is found,
you'd still need to comb through it."
Lily says to Akemi in a New Earth accent, "I'm well-aware."
Lily grins.
Lily says, "I just wanted to at least find the area."
Melinda says, "My thing is."
Lily says, "As a reference."
Melinda says, "If you can't get home, destroy the ship."
Melinda says, "Rather than risk unsavory folks getting it."
Kim nods. "Yeah, it's tough but it's what I would do."
Lily says, "Yeah I would in the future but it was pretty big with three
sightseers attached which would have slammed AEU's goals."
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, Kosmo the humanoid service
robot, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Simon Collins and Kim Saunders are
sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Nissi Valdaire, Lily
Kaise, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Akemi Bando is sitting on a dark yellow leather captain's chair. Nathaniel Owens
is standing in a stupor. Morris Corlew is leaning against a wall. Sakura Arakida
is sitting on a cream oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is standing here.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
Kim says, "Only for a 4 day period."
"Goals are ephemeral," says Akemi in a Japanese accent.
"Like Keegan's carrier," says Melinda. "That ship and all the scouts inside it
have probably been scrapped for parts."
Akemi says, "Or they're just sitting there."
"Ah well it's in the past and nothing can be done now," Lily says.
"The funny thing is," says Akemi, "all those scouts were armed with minicannon."
"Yeah," says Nissi, "our tech's gotten into all sorts of hands since the rift
drive came out."
Melinda nods to Nissi.
Kim nods. "I can imagine."
"Oh I thought Keegan's carrier was desroyed," Lily says.
Lily says, "Destroyed."
"Nope," says Melinda.
Lily says, "As I thought he said something about QI clan coming after him."
"Well," says Kim, "if they noticed it was abandoned, they certainly did not
destroy it then."
Lily says, "Perhaps that was another time."
"He was in his piercer," Melinda says. "He left Damien in charge of the rest."
Lily nods.
Kim asks, "And who is this QI clan again?"
"They are out around Andy's and Tom Town," Melinda says. "Probably Feng Wo too."
Kim asks, "Are they dangerous?"
Lily says to Kim, "They patrol between Andy's and Tom Town a lot. I don't know
where they are from exactly. I've just had firsthand experience with their
chasing and sucking us out of the rift and interdicting."
Melinda says, "Well, they can shoot at you."
Melinda says, "From my understanding, they have small ships."
"Not usually dangerous to us," says Nissi, "their ships are pretty junky."
Kim asks, "Wow, interdicting too?"
Lily says, "So we had to shoot them to get out."
Lily nods.
Lily says to Kim, "There is a report I submitted in the file in the office
there."
"Lily thought I sent a ping, only I didn't," Melinda says. "So, we don't know
what happened there."
Kim says to Lily, "You mean the filing cabinet, or the terminal?"
"Sometimes you just have bad luck," Akemi says. "Or good luck. Chance."
Lily says to Kim, "You can't put files on the terminal. It's in the cabinet."
"If you wander through a patrol path by chance, that's that," Akemi says.
"Doesn't matter how stealthy you were, if they jump in near enough to you."
"Yeah," says Kim, "there might be a ship a few ltc away from here, but just
enough out of range so they don't see us and we don't see them."
Lily nods.
"Right," says Kim. "I should check that out."
"But," says Lily, "I did learn from Nissi how to likely avoid patrols and I'd
use that approach in the future."
Lily smiles.
"I did something really stupid on my first rift expadition with to fengwo," says
Nathaniel in a Candelarian accent, "whoich could have sent them after us if less
lucky."
Akemi asks, "You used the active scanners?"
Kim says to Nathaniel, "Oh, what did you do?"
The ship plops out into a large open pink fleshy space, landing in a pool of
fluids. After a moment, the organ contracts and pushes it into another tunnel.
"Used the active scanners," says Nathaniel. "Mel and everyone else stunned me
for that."
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Squish."
Melinda Michaels removes a metallic tyrian purple surplus-design stun cannon
from a metallic tyrian purple battered metal chest holster.
Lily ducks!
Melinda says, "I haven't stunned anybody this trip."
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "That exact cannon."
"I watched Nissi and Anfisa evade outsider patrols a few times last year, and
one time we didn't get away from them," Kim says. "Pretty intense."
Lily nods.
Sakura says, "It sounds like it..."
"The one time we didn't escape," says Akemi, "they arrived basically on top of
us."
Nissi says, "That was stressful as all fuck."
"Yeah," says Lily.
Melinda Michaels says into the PA microphone, "Hello."
Morris says, "I'd imagine."
Melinda Michaels puts a metallic tyrian purple surplus-design stun cannon in a
metallic tyrian purple battered metal chest holster.
"At least," says Sakura. "We've not hit a patrol yet."
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Hi hello."
Melinda Michaels removes a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side from a black canvas gear bag.
Nathaniel Owens activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Kim Saunders says into the PA microphone, "Hi Lillian."
Nathaniel Owens says into the PA microphone, "Hi."
pa Hi Lillian
You speak into the microphone.
"Yeah," says Kim, "I think everyone was glad to be home from that trip."
Sakura Arakida says into the PA microphone, "Hi hi flower girl!"
Kim says, "But then it was not at all an exploration type mission."
Akemi says, "That fight only lasted a couple of minutes."
"Too long," says Lily.
Lily laughs.
"And the outsiders took out 1 failsafe on the carrier, that was 1 too many," Kim
says. "The bastards."
Lily nods.
Nissi says, "Failsafes suddenly get really super important when you can't repair
them at all."
Melinda says, "Oh yeah."
Zandria Marschaund nods.
Lily nods.
Kim says, "Too true."
"I remember coming home on Jupiter Crash, we were down by two, and it'd be days
until we could fix it," Nissi says. "While evading Outsiders."
Melinda says, "Scary."
Lily nods.
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southeast.
Morris says in an Old Earth accent, "That had to have been intense."
Melinda Michaels carefully aims a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at Lillian Hudson and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking Lillian Hudson completely.
"Ug," says Kim, "you must have been glad to make it back then too."
Morris waves to Lillian Hudson.
Lillian Hudson forcefully hurls a day old slice of pinwheel pizza at Melinda
Michaels.
Melinda Michaels deftly catches it.
Lillian Hudson strides southeast.
Melinda says, "Hey."
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "You pissed lillian off now."
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Keep that. I'll
just go hide and dry myself off."
Sakura laughs.
"Yeah," says Kim, "there are escape pods on our ships, no loss of life, but
losing a mighty expensive ship is no fun."
Sakura says, "I think you soaked the pizza."
Kim Saunders says into the PA microphone, "Awh."
Nathaniel says to Kim, "I just feel bad for unregs that get blown up without
escape pods."
Kim nods. "Me too."
Melinda Michaels says into the PA microphone, "Awww."
"I do too but if they initiate the attack," says Lily, "then they're taking
their own risks."
Melinda Michaels puts a day old slice of pinwheel pizza in a shiny yellow trash
bin.
Nathaniel says to Kim, "Ispecially the ones that are wearing space suits and end
up floating off into space."
Melinda Michaels puts a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed
on the side in a black canvas gear bag.
Nathaniel nods to Lily.
Morris says, "What a way to go."
Nathaniel says to Lily, "If they shoot first i'll shoot back. But i'm just going
to blow them up for laughs."
"Still," says Kim, "every time they manage to get out before the ship gets
destroyed, it's better."
Nathaniel says to Lily, "Not."
Lily nods.
Nathaniel says to Kim, "Yeah. I just feel bad for the ones taht can't. Or hell,
the huge ships with familys on them."
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southeast.
Lillian Hudson pouts at Melinda.
Lillian Hudson quickly drains a cup of hot Colombian coffee with cream.
Melinda Michaels kisses Lillian Hudson on the nose.
Kim waves to Lillian.
Lillian says to Melinda, "Yay, nose kisses."
Lily waves to Lillian.
Lillian Hudson kisses Melinda Michaels on the nose.
Lillian Hudson forcefully hurls a cup at a shiny yellow trash bin.
It falls inside.
Melinda grins.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Nathaniel Owens puts a hand-held orange holovid in a shaggy green backpack.
Melinda gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Melinda says, "I should find Zeus."
Melinda Michaels stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Melinda Michaels strolls southeast.
Kim Saunders finishes off a cup of freshly brewed coffee with cream and sugar.
"I need some tea or something," Morris says. "I'll be back in a minute."
Kim Saunders puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
Morris Corlew meanders in from the southeast.
Morris Corlew ducks!
Kim giggles.
Morris Corlew sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lillian says to Morris, "Don't worry, she's gone to find Zeus."
Lillian grins.
"Kosmo," says Akemi, "follow me back to your lair in engineering."
Morris chuckles. "I know."
Kosmo the humanoid service robot says in a synthesized voice, "Caretaking task
has been canceled."
Kosmo the humanoid service robot says in a synthesized voice, "Order confirmed."
Kosmo the humanoid service robot begins following Akemi Bando.
Akemi Bando stands up from a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
Akemi Bando moves southeast.
Kosmo the humanoid service robot clomps after Akemi Bando.
The ship plops out into a large open pink fleshy space, landing in a pool of
fluids. After a moment, the organ contracts and pushes it into another tunnel.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Lillian Hudson says into the PA microphone, "Squiiiiiish."
Melinda Michaels strolls in from the southwest.
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lillian ducks!
Lillian grins at Melinda Michaels.
Melinda Michaels says to Lillian in a Bedford accent, "What?"
Lillian says to Melinda Michaels, "No wet."
Melinda Michaels says to Lillian in a Bedford accent, "You want wet again?"
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos' here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Simon Collins and Kim Saunders are
sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Nathaniel Owens and Zandria Marschaund are standing here. Blake
Madison, Nissi Valdaire, Lily Kaise, Lillian Hudson, Morris Corlew, and Melinda
Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "Oh."
Lillian says to Melinda, "Not like tha."
"That," says Lillian in an Old Earth accent.
Sakura snickers at Melinda.
Melinda laughs.
Morris grins. "Uh..."
Akemi Bando moves in from the southeast.
Akemi Bando puts down Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo.
Akemi Bando strokes the soft fur of Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed
felo.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo purrs and rubs its head against
Akemi's hand.
Akemi Bando sits down on a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
Sakura leans on Zandria.
Lillian leans on Sakura.
Lillian grins.
Melinda grins.
Lillian says, "Leaning line."
Zandria leans on Sakura.
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a cup of hot jasmine tea.
Zandria Marschaund opens a small black cooler and the light inside clicks on.
Zandria Marschaund removes a can of sliced peaches from a small black cooler.
Zandria Marschaund puts a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition" in a
black suede handbag covered with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Zandria Marschaund removes a stainless steel can opener from a black suede
handbag covered with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Zandria Marschaund quickly opens a can of sliced peaches with a stainless steel
can opener, ending up with some canned sliced peaches.
Zandria Marschaund puts a stainless steel can opener in a black suede handbag
covered with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Zandria Marschaund finishes off some canned sliced peaches.
Lillian stares at Zandria.
Zandria stares at Lillian.
Kim exclaims, "Wow, you ate those fast!"
Zandria laughs.
Lillian says to Zandria, "Tath whole can... In one... Mouthful?"
Lillian blinks.
"Well," says Melinda.
"I love peaches," says Zandria. "And I just get hungry for them."
Lily says, "Yeah I don't think there's indigesiton relief in the first aid kit."
Lily laughs.
Lillian grins at Lily.
Lily says, "But yeah..."
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo suddenly jumps onto a black
leather sectional sofa.
"Doesn't take me long," says Zandria. "And seriously, who needs antacids anyway.
I have a cast-iron stomach anyway."
Zandria laughs.
Lily says, "That's a good thing..."
Lily laughs.
Zandria says, "And definitely grateful for it, that's for sure."
Zandria says, "And fresh fruit's good for helping it."
"When I can get some," says Zandria, "but so is canned fruit after a fashion."
Nathaniel Owens strides southeast.
Nathaniel Owens strides in from the southeast.
Nathaniel Owens sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Nathaniel Owens takes a sip of a cup of hot Colombian coffee with cream.
Zandria Marschaund puts an empty can in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Zandria Marschaund pulls off a pair of chunky slate blue fingerless gloves
decorated with numerous small interlocking brass cogwheels.
Zandria Marschaund puts a pair of chunky slate blue fingerless gloves decorated
with numerous small interlocking brass cogwheels in a silver silk backpack
embroidered with cerulean blue dragons.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
peer se
You peer southeast...
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the
windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
se
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
hug lily
You hug Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise hugs you.
Lily says, "Just went to get a sandwich."
grin 
Lily grins.
You grin.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
A loud gurgling sound echoes throughout the ship.
'Just came to give you a hug and kiss.
You say, "Just came to give you a hug and kiss."
Lily says, "I didn't particularly want apple juice but I used the wrong
dispenser so I'll drink it."
Lily grins.
grin 'oops
You grin. "Oops."
Lily Kaise kisses you.
smile
You smile.
Lily points at a stainless steel kitchen table.
l table
a stainless steel kitchen table
You see nothing special.
On top of it you see a stainless steel industrial-strength kitchen blender, a
large white dinner plate, a small yellow coffee maker, a shiny red deluxe rice
cooker with a golden dragon on top, a small efficient apple juice dispenser, a
fresh fruit juice dispenser, a small hot beverage dispenser, a small hot coffee
dispenser, a small hot tea dispenser, and a shiny red deluxe ramen cooker with a
golden dragon on top.
use juice
A fresh fruit juice dispenser is out of reach.
Lily says, "Wrap shule."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
Lily laughs.
Lily laughs.
Lily wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
grin
You grin.
Lily says, "Ok going back."
Lily smiles.
'ok
"Ok," you say in a New Phoenician accent.
smile
You smile.
Lily Kaise glides northwest.
take juice
You remove a fresh fruit juice dispenser from a leather briefcase.
use juice
You need a free hand for that.
i
You are wearing a long-sleeved blue and white shadow-striped cotton shirt and a
pair of slim navy blue linen trousers.
Underneath this, you are wearing a pair of white cotton briefs.
You are also wearing a keychain, a metallic gold touch einrophone in a black
leather phone holster, a gold wrist-mounted chronometer, a metallic silver
metachannel FTL communicator, a solid silver ring engraved with dolphins, and a
black guitar case.
You are concealing a leather briefcase, a golden Feng Wo coin purse, a black
flightbag with a red shooting star on the side, a camera bag, an asteroid
hauling supply kit, a flight control scanner, a large expandable telescoping
xenology container, a black engineering tool case, a thick synthleather
bandolier with large pockets, and a scorched metal thigh holster.
Your head, face, both eyes, neck, both wrists, both hands, and both feet are
left uncovered.
You are carrying a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side in your right hand, and a fresh fruit juice dispenser in your left
hand.
Kim Saunders strolls in from the northwest.
Kim Saunders strolls southwest.
put pistol in briefcase
You put a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on the side in
a leather briefcase.
use juice
You examine a fresh fruit juice dispenser for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Apple Juice
[2] Grape Juice
[3] Pear Juice
[4] Cranberry Juice
[5] Red Pomegranate Juice
[6] Kiwi Juice
Enter your selection:
1
You help yourself to a cup of golden apple juice.
put dispenser on table
You put a fresh fruit juice dispenser on a stainless steel kitchen table.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', and Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is standing here. Akemi Bando is sitting on a
dark yellow leather captain's chair. Simon Collins and Nathaniel Owens are
sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Nissi Valdaire,
Lillian Hudson, Morris Corlew, Melinda Michaels, and Lily Kaise are sitting on a
rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a tuna salad sandwich.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
drink juice
You take a sip of a cup of golden apple juice.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a glass of sweet apple juice.
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southwest.
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a small bowl of cold strawberry ice cream.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a tuna salad sandwich.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a glass of sweet apple juice.
Lillian Hudson scrambles to her feet.
Lillian Hudson strides southeast.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Actually the apple juice from the
standalone dispenser is a little better."
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a cup of hot jasmine tea.
"But hmm I guess I'll compare again," Lily says.
Akemi Bando stands up from a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a tuna salad sandwich.
Akemi Bando says in a Japanese accent, "I'm going to go catch a nap."
Morris waves to Akemi.
Melinda nods to Akemi.
Akemi Bando kisses Anfisa of Marzore on the cheek.
Lily says to Akemi, "Have a good nap."
Morris says to Akemi, "'sleep well."
Akemi waves.
Akemi Bando moves southeast.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a glass of sweet apple juice.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a tuna salad sandwich.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Kim Saunders says into the PA microphone, "Sleep well, akemi."
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a glass of sweet apple juice.
Nathaniel Owens says into the PA microphone, "Sleep well."
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southeast.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Lillian Hudson selects a single fluffy popped kernel from a small red and white
bag of hot ranch popcorn and eats it.
Lily Kaise finishes off a tuna salad sandwich.
Lily Kaise finishes off a glass of sweet apple juice.
Lily Kaise puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lily says, "So."
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Sakura grins.
"So... what..." says Sakura.
Lily Kaise considers a cup of golden apple juice thoughtfully.
Melinda asks, "What?"
Sakura Arakida takes a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
Nissi Valdaire scrambles to her feet.
Nissi Valdaire walks southeast.
Sakura considers a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
thoughtfully.
Lily says, "Hmm this says reconstituted."
Sakura says, "Should we be thankful that's been quiet."
Nathaniel Owens glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Melinda asks, "What?"
Melinda Michaels stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders southwest.
Nissi Valdaire walks in from the southeast.
"Yes most definitely," says Lily.
Nissi Valdaire sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Melinda asks, "Which one does?"
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a small bowl of cold strawberry ice cream.
"Wish we could turn them off," Lily says.
Kim Saunders says in a New Bristol accent, "Yummy."
Lillian Hudson waves to Nissi Valdaire.
Lillian Hudson glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Sakura Arakida glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Melinda Michaels strolls southeast.
Zandria Marschaund glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Kim asks, "Why would you want to?"
Melinda Michaels strolls in from the southeast.
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
"If I was any less nice," says Sakura, "I'd send home, we've been attacked by
giant tuna sandwiches with wings."
Kim laughs.
Melinda Michaels smirks.
"Because I don't want to always hear them going on about nonsense," Lily says.
"When I need it, it can be turned on and conserve power when it's not."
Zandria laughs.
Nathaniel Owens says to Sakura in a Candelarian accent, "Do it."
"It's Akemi's ship," says Zandria in an Old Earth accent. "I don't think that
would be cool."
Kim says, "We have often received nonsense at home from ships out there."
Lillian nods.
Sakura says to Nathaniel Owens, "Not my expidition so I'm not going to unless
kim says it's ok since this is her expidition."
"I wouldn't dick around with someone elses QE device," Melinda says. "Some are
more strict with its usage than others."
"Akemi's ship," says Lillian, "but this is Kim's trip."
Simon Collins scrambles to his feet.
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
Zandria nods.
"Well," says Kim, "I am not in favour of sending nonsense home."
Sakura nods to Kim.
Melinda says, "Booo."
Melinda Michaels takes a sip of a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Sakura says to Kim, "I wasn't really going to. That was if I was any less nice.
And personally the firestorm that may start could be bad so don't worry. I'm not
starting trouble."
Lily chuckles.
Zandria exclaims, "Yeah...!"
The ship shudders and creaks as powerful muscles squeeze it, then it is suddenly
ejected into swirling mist.
"I don't mind if you want to ask how the home front is doing," says Kim, "every
once in a while."
The mist turns to black smoke that soon drifts away, and you find that the ship
is on a conveyor belt, moving rapidly through a factory.
Sakura says in a Japanese accent, "If there's something important they'd tell
us."
Melinda says, "Doubtful."
Nissi Valdaire says in a Centaurian accent, "You would think so."
Kim says, "With the people who are currently at home, probably not."
"Well, maybe Pierre is awake," Melinda says.
"I don't see why they would tell us," says Nathaniel Owens in a Candelarian
accent, "we're to far out for any immidate help."
Nissi says, "Cesar and Keegan will make sure we just get useless shit in
response."
Melinda nods to Nissi.
Lily nods.
Melinda says, "K."
Kim says, "Especially Cesar."
Lily says, "Yeah like... chocolate milk."
"Only ones left home I know of are that cadet robert," says Sakura, "ather,
cesar, keegan, pierre, angel, and I think that's really it."
Lily laughs.
Nathaniel nods and nods.
Simon Collins meanders in from the southwest.
Melinda whistles. "Angel will send us a love poem."
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Kim laughs.
Nissi grins.
Lillian considers a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
thoughtfully.
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "Cesar will probably just bitch lillian out for what
she sent him befroe we set off."
Lillian asks, "I wonder if I should ask Angel for a poem?"
Simon Collins slumps in a black leather sectional sofa and goes to sleep.
"Hey," asks Nissi, "whatever happened with Karen and that drama queen dude?"
Lily says, "Oh Angel has him now."
Sakura snickers.
Kim asks, "Karen and the drama queen?"
Nathaniel says to Nissi, "What drama queen."
"Really?" asks Nissi. "Frying pan to fire with that one."
"Or I don't know are they still together?" Lily asks. "I just don't pay that
close of attention."
"One of them split with the other and then he tried to get some more drama on
with," says Melinda, "um, a new league pilot."
Nissi says, "I don't remember his name."
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "Who is this?"
Melinda gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "What's his name, um, the dude who hauls all the
roids."
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "No clue."
Melinda glances at you. "Not him."
"All the roids?" asks Kim. "That's rather many."
Morris says to Melinda, "Caleb?"
Lily asks, "Klaus Stein?"
Nissi grins.
Sakura says, "Only one who hauls alot I know is zandria... but she's here and
with me and she's a she."
Nathaniel gets a distant look on his face as he ponders.
"I haul when I feel like it," says Kim, "but when I do usually an entire day
long."
"Yeah," says Zandria, "and that gives a lot of creds and points."
Nathaniel says, "Artifacting for the win."
Melinda snaps her fingers. "Corey."
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "Mathues?"
Lily says, "I only have the patience to haul a few at a time."
Zandria nods.
Melinda nods.
Lillian Hudson removes a purple plastic paper dispenser from an azure blue silk
backpack embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Zandria says, "Unless I'm so close to a goal it's not funny."
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "That dude that started being a bitch on that trip to
fengwo?"
"He was chasing Karen and Seneca," Melinda says. "Who said she didn't like men
but would maybe go out to dinner."
Melinda chuckles.
Kim says, "Oh, wow."
Lily laughs.
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "Yup."
Lillian Hudson puts down a purple plastic paper dispenser.
Lillian Hudson examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Lillian Hudson makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of orange paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting
hand.
"So," says Melinda, "yeah he ditched Karen who then sorta hid away again."
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "Oh, I know which new league pilot you mean."
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "Which?"
"Enlightening me," says Kim.
Lillian Hudson gives a sheet of orange paper to Melinda Michaels.
Lillian Hudson reaches repeatedly into a small red and white bag of hot ranch
popcorn, coming up with single kernels of popcorn and tossing them into her
mouth one by one.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the southwest.
"Woo notes," says Melinda.
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "Wasn't corey after luja at one point? At least it
looked like that on the trip."
Lillian Hudson strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs softly.
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a small bowl of cold strawberry ice cream.
Melinda nods to Nathaniel. "We thought you both were."
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand.
Melinda grins.
Melinda Michaels puts a sheet of orange paper in a black canvas gear bag.
Melinda says, "I need paper."
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "I just didn't trust corey and didn't want him doing
anything stupid."
Lillian taps a purple plastic paper dispenser.
Lillian points at Melinda and taps a purple plastic paper dispenser.
Melinda says, "Oh."
Lillian grins.
"So you were both trying to get her drunk?" Melinda nods to Nathaniel.
Melinda Michaels examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Melinda Michaels makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of blue paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting hand.
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a small bowl of cold strawberry ice cream.
Melinda Michaels gives a sheet of blue paper to Lillian Hudson.
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "I think Kringle was gonna get you guys."
Melinda giggles.
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "I wasn't trying to get anyone druink apart from
myself, and that wasn't on perpous."
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "Oh."
Kim Saunders finishes off a small bowl of cold strawberry ice cream.
Kim Saunders puts a bowl in a shiny yellow trash bin.
"Ok, I'll be right back," Kim says.
Melinda nods.
Kim Saunders scrambles to her feet.
Kim Saunders strolls southeast.
Nathaniel says, "Corey was the one all getting up close and shit and I was like
dude what the fuck."
Morris Corlew finishes off a B.L.T. sandwich.
"Oh, and are caleb and paisley together now?" Nathaniel asks. "Just from what
i've seen it looks like it."
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "So, you weren't into getting all up and close to
people?"
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "No? Why."
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "No reason."
"Oh did Paisley get away from Damien finally?" Nissi asks.
Melinda says, "I don't think so."
Melinda says, "I tried."
Melinda grins.
Nissi says, "Oh."
"Oh," says Nathaniel, "I thought paisley and caleb were a couple now."
"I told her to ditch him and if she can't find a guy, to switch teams," Melinda
says.
Melinda laughs.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches southwest.
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "Na."
Lillian grins at Nathaniel.
Lillian Hudson gets a handful of popcorn from a small red and white bag of hot
ranch popcorn and eats it several kernels at a time.
Lillian laughs at a sheet of blue paper.
Melinda smirks.
Lillian Hudson puts a sheet of blue paper in an azure blue silk backpack
embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Lillian Hudson examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Lillian Hudson makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of purple paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting
hand.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of golden apple juice.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of golden apple juice.
Melinda says to Nathaniel, "Unless they hooked up shortly before we left. I
dunno."
Lillian Hudson gives a sheet of purple paper to Melinda Michaels.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of golden apple juice.
Morris Corlew quickly drains a cup of hot jasmine tea.
Morris Corlew puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lily Kaise examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a sheet of
purple paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting hand.
Melinda chuckles.
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "From all of what I saw it looked like it."
"Be back in a couple," Morris says.
Melinda says, "Oh well, maybe then."
Morris Corlew scrambles to his feet.
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Lily Kaise gives you a sheet of purple paper.
Lily chuckles.
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "Paisley taking calebs ships, then them messing
around, then arguing like a married couple."
Melinda points at Lily. "Copycats."
Melinda grins.
Lily snickers.
Lily says, "Will be funny when he actually reads it."
Melinda Michaels puts a sheet of purple paper in a black canvas gear bag.
Lillian says, "Hey, notes was our thing."
Lillian pouts.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of golden apple juice.
[Newbie Help] Simon Privorda transmits, "How much does a asteroid courier cost?"
Lillian Hudson eats a few fluffy kernels from a small red and white bag of hot
ranch popcorn.
Melinda Michaels examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Melinda Michaels makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of blue paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting hand.
Nathaniel Owens examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Nathaniel Owens makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of yellow paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into his waiting
hand.
Lillian blinks at Nathaniel.
Nathaniel says, "Just need to write something down so I don't gorget, unless I
already did."
Nathaniel says, "Forget."
Melinda Michaels gives a sheet of blue paper to Lillian Hudson.
Melinda Michaels takes a sip of a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Lillian Hudson puts a sheet of blue paper in an azure blue silk backpack
embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Lillian Hudson examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Lillian Hudson makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of yellow paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting
hand.
Nathaniel Owens puts a sheet of yellow paper in a shaggy green backpack.
Lillian Hudson gives a sheet of yellow paper to Melinda Michaels.
Melinda gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Melinda Michaels puts a sheet of yellow paper in a black canvas gear bag.
Lily Kaise finishes off a cup of golden apple juice.
Melinda Michaels takes a sip of a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Lily Kaise puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
drink cup
You take a sip of a cup of golden apple juice.
drink cup
You take a sip of a cup of golden apple juice.
drink cup
You take a sip of a cup of golden apple juice.
drink cup
You finish off a cup of golden apple juice.
put cup in trash
You put a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Blake says, "All the shineis."
Blake says in a Candelarian accent, "Shinies."
Melinda Michaels examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Melinda Michaels makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of pink paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting hand.
Lily tickles you!
Lily grins.
-lily Hmm?
You say to Lily, "Hmm?"
grin
You grin.
Blake Madison whispers, "I think she wants something."
Melinda says, "Whispering and note passing."
Melinda whistles.
Lillian grins at Melinda.
Blake says, "Be excited."
Melinda says, "Maybe."
Blake nods.
Lillian says, "We will conduct meetings in this fashion."
Lily laughs.
Melinda says, "Meetings about meetings."
grin
You grin.
Melinda Michaels gives a sheet of pink paper to Lillian Hudson.
Lillian says, "About the meetings for more meetings."
Melinda smirks.
Blake says, "It will be glorious."
Nathaniel Owens quickly drains a cup of hot Colombian coffee with cream.
Nathaniel Owens forcefully hurls a cup at a shiny yellow trash bin.
It falls inside.
l
l
l
l
l
Lily points to the note in shule's hands.
Lily laughs.
Melinda says to you in a Bedford accent, "Get with the program."
"Oh well," says Lily.
"Joke sort of lost it's momentum," Lily says.
Melinda says to Lily, "You get with the program. We aren't passing jokes."
Melinda laughs.
Lily exclaims, "But I was!"
Lily laughs.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', and a purple plastic paper dispenser here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is standing here. Nathaniel Owens and Lillian
Hudson are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Lily Kaise,
Nissi Valdaire, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', and a purple plastic paper dispenser here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is standing here. Nathaniel Owens and Lillian
Hudson are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Lily Kaise,
Nissi Valdaire, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', and a purple plastic paper dispenser here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is standing here. Nathaniel Owens and Lillian
Hudson are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Lily Kaise,
Nissi Valdaire, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', and a purple plastic paper dispenser here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is standing here. Nathaniel Owens and Lillian
Hudson are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Lily Kaise,
Nissi Valdaire, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', and a purple plastic paper dispenser here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is standing here. Nathaniel Owens and Lillian
Hudson are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Lily Kaise,
Nissi Valdaire, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
\e
You can't go that way.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', and a purple plastic paper dispenser here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters is
dozing on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is standing here. Nathaniel Owens and Lillian
Hudson are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Lily Kaise,
Nissi Valdaire, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
A gigantic hand suddenly picks up the ship, turns it from one side to the other,
then places it back on the conveyor belt.
Melinda gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Melinda Michaels examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Melinda Michaels makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of pink paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting hand.
Melinda Michaels gives a sheet of pink paper to Nissi Valdaire.
Melinda says, "There, notes."
Sakura gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Sakura Arakida stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Sakura Arakida strides southeast.
Nissi chews on the piece of paper.
Melinda laughs.
Lily laughs.
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southeast.
Sakura Arakida sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower
pattern.
Sakura Arakida takes a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Sakura Arakida stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Lily stares at you.
Sakura Arakida blinks at Zandria.
Lily grins.
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southeast.
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Sakura Arakida sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower
pattern.
Kim Saunders smiles.
Zandria Marschaund sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Sakura Arakida stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Sakura Arakida sits down on Zandria Marschaund's lap.
Sakura snickers at Zandria.
Sakura says, "Much better."
Zandria tickles Sakura!
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a cup of hot red rooibos tea.
Sakura says to Zandria, "This is better than you standing."
Zandria says to Sakura, "Yeah."
Zandria Marschaund says, OOCly, "Don't mind my rp going crunch sometimes. Having
a hell of a cold and sore throat that started up on Friday. Suckage."
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "Mine might to. Gotta prepair to go back to school
and all that. 4 hour drives ahead of me tomorrow."
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders in from the southwest.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed
felo.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo purrs softly.
pet nekomata
You stroke the soft fur of Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo purrs softly.
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a cup of hot red rooibos tea.
"Hmm," says Blake.
A gigantic hand suddenly picks up the ship, turns it from one side to the other,
then places it back on the conveyor belt.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders out.
A Tardick lizard named Isis trundles slowly into the area.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Melinda says, "Boo."
Lily nods.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
"Got to love giant hands," Sakura says.
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise pats a black egg lightly.
Lily Kaise removes a neon purple efficient round egg storage container from a
lavender silk backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise puts a black egg in a neon purple efficient round egg storage
container.
Lily Kaise puts a neon purple efficient round egg storage container in a
lavender silk backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily says, "A long yellow one."
A Tardick lizard named Isis blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent
to its surroundings.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily.
Lily cuddles up to you.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders in from the airlock.
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a cup of hot red rooibos tea.
A gigantic hand suddenly picks up the ship, turns it from one side to the other,
then places it back on the conveyor belt.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders southeast.
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out.
Melinda pats a Tardick lizard named Isis lightly.
Kim says, "Gee, this makes one dizzy."
A Tardick lizard named Isis trundles slowly southwest.
Your vision is obscured by a sudden burst of black smoke, which gradually fades
to mist.
Bursts of multicolored light suddenly blind you as they slice across your view,
forming winding pathways through billowing clouds.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus trundles slowly into the area.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent
to its surroundings.
The rainbow pathways generate slow, rhythmic pulses of light.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders in from the southeast.
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a cup of hot red rooibos tea.
Morris Corlew meanders in from the southeast.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a small bowl of cold chocolate ice cream.
An orange digital felo game emits a sprightly beep as the felo wakes up.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tail.
Morris Corlew says to a Tardick lizard named Zeus in an Old Earth accent, "Yeah,
I agree."
Morris Corlew presses a button on an orange digital felo game.
An orange digital felo game beeps repeatedly as the felo chases around a tiny
digital ball!
chuckle morris
You chuckle at Morris Corlew.
Morris Corlew presses a button on an orange digital felo game.
An orange digital felo game beeps hungrily as the felo rapidly empties its food
bowl.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a small bowl of cold chocolate ice cream.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus trundles slowly southeast.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a small bowl of cold chocolate ice cream.
Morris Corlew finishes off a small bowl of cold chocolate ice cream.
"That ice cream is really yummy, huh?" Kim asks.
Morris Corlew says in an Old Earth accent, "Ice cream headache."
Morris nods to Kim and smiles.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders southwest.
The rainbow pathways generate slow, rhythmic pulses of light.
Michael Winters scrambles to his feet.
Michael Winters strides southeast.
Michael Winters strides in from the southeast.
Michael Winters sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Michael Winters takes a sip of a cup of freshly brewed coffee with cream and
sugar.
Kim waves to Melinda. "Hi again."
Kim waves to Michael Winters. "Hi again."
Michael Winters waves to Kim. "Hi."
wave kim
You wave to Kim.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus trundles slowly into the area.
Michael Winters takes a sip of a cup of freshly brewed coffee with cream and
sugar.
A sudden light flares in the darkness behind the clouds.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out.
A sudden light flares in the darkness behind the clouds.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus trundles slowly southwest.
The rainbow pathways generate slow, rhythmic pulses of light.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly into the area.
Morris Corlew switches a message board reader on and peers at the screen.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja flicks its tongue out.
Morris Corlew switches a message board reader off.
Flashes of light pulsate from the rainbow pathways.
The rainbow pathway sparkles as the clouds rush away, leaving behind shimmering
blackness and finally regular space.
The curtains open, and countless faceless humanoids stare at you from their
seats.
Morris Corlew scrambles to his feet.
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus trundles slowly into the area.
Morris Corlew meanders in from the southeast.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', a purple plastic paper dispenser, a Tardick lizard named
Freyja, and a Tardick lizard named Zeus here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund is
sitting on a cream oriental rug. Nathaniel Owens and Lillian Hudson are dozing
on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison, Nissi Valdaire, and Melinda
Michaels are dozing on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Sakura Arakida is
dozing on Zandria Marschaund's lap. Lily Kaise is sitting on a rare black
EAOSian contoured couch. Kim Saunders, Michael Winters, and Morris Corlew are
sitting on a black leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a glass of cold lemonade.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly southwest.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
peer se
You peer southeast...
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the
windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
The stage lights flicker briefly.
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a glass of cold lemonade.
Lillian glances around at her surroundings.
Kim stretches.
Michael Winters takes a sip of a cup of freshly brewed coffee with cream and
sugar.
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tail.
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Zeus lovingly.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Went looking for asteria but I think
she's probably visiting someone's room."
Lillian Hudson activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
"Yeah, I had Raissa in my room last night," Nissi says. "Just chillin."
Lily grins.
Lily says, "Yeah it's in our room currently."
Michael says, "They go everywhere."
Lillian gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Lily says, "I enjoy the lizie visits."
"Yeah," says Kim, "I think I have also seen a few felo and lizards in my room
from time to time."
Michael says, "Well, we're gonna lose torus soon."
Lillian glances at the ping button, then glances around, then settles back in
her seat.
Kim nods.
Lily says, "Yup a few more LTC."
Michael nods.
Melinda stretches.
Nissi lovingly strokes the ping button with one fingertip.
Lily laughs.
Michael Winters activates the long-range scanner and sends an active sensor ping
into surrounding space.
Kim grins.
Michael grins.
Nissi says in a Centaurian accent, "He really did it."
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Lillian says in an Old Earth accent, "He totally did it."
Melinda says, "Oh my."
"I didn't," says Lillian. "He did."
Melinda asks, "Stun time?"
Michael asks, "What?"
Lillian Hudson activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Melinda asks, "Yes, no?"
Kim Saunders removes a surplus-design stun gun from a metallic silver scorched
metal thigh holster.
Lillian says, "Well, nothing on scans."
Morris Corlew activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Michael says in a Candelaria accent, "No."
Lily glances at Melinda.
Kim Saunders activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
"Oops," says Lily.
Morris says, "Nothing yet."
Kim Saunders stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Melinda glances at Lily.
Lily grins at Melinda.
Michael Winters says, OOCly, "I have no idea how to do the other."
Lillian Hudson says, OOCly, "Lrscan."
Morris Corlew says, OOCly, "Lrscan."
Michael Winters activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Lily says to Michael, "Please don't anymore."
Melinda says, "Pinging could get us into trouble."
Morris Corlew activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Melinda says, "Be careful."
Kim points a surplus-design stun gun at Michael threateningly.
Michael says to Kim in a Candelaria accent, "Put that away."
Melinda grins at Kim.
"It definitely could," says Lillian, "but we also may attract a new genship."
Kim says to Michael, "Do not do that again without asking first."
Lily Kaise removes a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side from a coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Nissi says, "I don't think there's anybody much out here but you never know."
"Nope," says Melinda.
Lily Kaise carefully aims a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at Michael Winters and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly
'XX' embossed on the side, soaking Michael Winters completely.
Morris says, "I think I'd personally rather not take the chance."
Melinda Michaels removes a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side from a black canvas gear bag.
Lillian says to Melinda in an Old Earth accent, "I wouldn't give orders to the
expedition leader if I were you..."
Michael says, "Oy, that's cold."
Melinda Michaels carefully aims a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at Michael Winters and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking Michael Winters completely.
Lily Kaise puts a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side in a coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Lillian says to Michael, "I wouldn't give orders to the expedition leader if I
were you..."
Michael grumbles at Melinda.
Lily says to Michael, "If you did that on my ship, I'd warn you one time and the
second time..."
Morris Corlew activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
take pistol
You remove a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on the side
from a leather briefcase.
Kim Saunders puts a surplus-design stun gun in a metallic silver scorched metal
thigh holster.
Morris Corlew begins ducking behind a rare EAOSian sofa.
Kim says to Michael, "Pinging like that could potentially get a ship into a
whole lot of trouble, even destroyed."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus trundles slowly southeast.
Melinda says to Morris in a Bedford accent, "You just want us to get you all
wet."
Lillian considers a dark silver shipsuit with the AFW logo printed in black on
the left shoulder thoughtfully. "Speaking of wet..."
Kim giggles.
Lillian whistles.
Michael says to Kim in a Candelaria accent, "I'm sorry."
Morris says to Melinda in an Old Earth accent, "Just avoiding any crossfire."
Michael blinks at Lillian.
Melinda says to Lillian, "Fine."
Michael says to Lillian, "Get melinda wet."
Lillian squeaks.
Kim nods to Michael. "Ok."
Melinda Michaels carefully aims a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at Lillian Hudson and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking Lillian Hudson completely.
Lillian Hudson scrambles to her feet.
Lillian Hudson strides southeast.
Lily laughs.
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I hate you."
Melinda Michaels says into the PA microphone, "Awww."
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "Oh nos there's a hater!"
Michael Winters says into the PA microphone, "Hate is such a strong word."
squirt pistol to lily
You carefully aim a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side at Lily Kaise and fire!
A stream of water emanates from a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking Lily Kaise completely.
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Hate hate hate
hate."
Lily Kaise removes a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side from a coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
se
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, and a Tardick
lizard named Zeus here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, a glossy lavender ceramic felo
chow bowl, and a Tardick lizard named Freyja here.
Lillian Hudson is standing here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
s
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, a
Tardick lizard named Isis, and Sassie the large fuchsia felo here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, and a Tardick lizard named Asteria here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
Melinda Michaels's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Now now."
s
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, Jasmin the sleeping small red glowing felo, a
Tardick lizard named Raissa, and Maggie the hefty indigo feathered felo here.
You can go north, east, and west.
You can't go that way.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, and a pair of light brown
leather boots decorated with silver stars here.
You can go east.
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Okay not really,
but hate!"
e
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, Jasmin the small red glowing felo, a Tardick
lizard named Raissa, and Maggie the hefty indigo feathered felo here.
You can go north, east, and west.
Michael Winters's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "We have a duct
stalker on the loose."
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
n
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, and a Tardick lizard named Asteria here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
u
You can't go that way.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and a
Tardick lizard named Isis here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, a glossy lavender ceramic felo
chow bowl, and a Tardick lizard named Freyja here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, and a Tardick
lizard named Zeus here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', and a purple plastic paper dispenser here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a
cream oriental rug. Nathaniel Owens is dozing on a black leather sectional sofa.
Sakura Arakida is dozing on Zandria Marschaund's lap. Kim Saunders is standing
here. Michael Winters is sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Morris
Corlew is ducking behind a rare EAOSian sofa. Nissi Valdaire and Lily Kaise are
sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
Morris grins.
Lily says to Michael, "If you are uncertain as to how to operate something,
please ask first."
Michael sighs.
Lily Kaise carefully aims a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at you and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly
'XX' embossed on the side, soaking you completely.
"I don't just fire my stun gun," says Kim, "might threaten a bit but you gotta
seriously go too far before I'd use it."
shiver
You shiver.
Lily chuckles.
grin lily
You grin at Lily.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Aww poor widdle baby."
Lily laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
A panel suddenly moves aside.  A moment later, Melinda Michaels arrives from the
starship's network of systems ducts.
"Right," says Kim, "Michael has appologized, unless it happens again, case
closed."
Michael screams at Melinda Michaels!
Lily Kaise puts a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side in a coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Lily nods.
A panel suddenly moves aside.  A moment later, Lillian Hudson arrives from the
starship's network of systems ducts.
Lillian Hudson unzips a dark silver shipsuit with the AFW logo printed in black
on the left shoulder, unzips a full-body dark gray synthcotton undergarment with
only a few patches at the knees and elbows, and exposes her slightly larger than
average firm breasts tipped with round lightly tinted nipples for a moment.
Melinda Michaels carefully aims a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at Michael Winters and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking Michael Winters completely.
Lillian Hudson lifts an unobtrusive panel and makes her way into the starship's
network of system ducts.
Morris Corlew stops ducking behind a rare EAOSian sofa.
Michael snickers.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Kim says, "Awh."
Kim says, "Poor michael."
A panel suddenly moves aside.  A moment later, Lillian Hudson arrives from the
starship's network of systems ducts.
squit pistol to melinda
I don't understand that.
Lillian Hudson kisses Melinda Michaels on the nose.
Melinda Michaels carefully aims a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at Lillian Hudson and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking Lillian Hudson completely.
Lillian Hudson strides southeast.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the southwest.
squirt pistol to melinda
You carefully aim a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side at Melinda Michaels and fire!
A stream of water emanates from a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking Melinda Michaels completely.
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I take back that
kiss."
'I didn't do it.
"I didn't do it," you say.
Melinda Michaels carefully aims a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at you and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking you completely.
Morris says, "Just don't squirt the felo."
Kim Saunders strokes the soft fur of Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo purrs and rubs its head against Kim's
hand, looking up at her adoringly.
Lily says, "Aww."
shiver
You shiver.
Kim says to Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo in a New Bristol accent,
"Welcome to this water party."
Michael asks, "Water strip party?"
Melinda Michaels says into the PA microphone, "Ok, I am done with my pistols."
Kim says to Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo in a New Bristol accent, "I
hope felo don't have some dislike for water or so."
Melinda Michaels whistles.
Melinda Michaels says into the PA microphone, "Maybe not."
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Haha."
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a glass of cold lemonade.
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southeast.
put pistol in briefcase
You put a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on the side in
a leather briefcase.
Melinda glances at her pistol and then looks towards Nissi.
Lillian Hudson holds Zeus in front of her as a shield.
Lillian Hudson strokes a Tardick lizard named Zeus lovingly.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Melinda grins at Lillian.
Lillian grins.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Melinda Michaels quickly drains a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Melinda Michaels puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lillian Hudson gives a Tardick lizard named Zeus to Melinda Michaels.
Nissi stares at Melinda.
Melinda Michaels settles a Tardick lizard named Zeus on her shoulder, its tail
curled loosely around her.
Melinda pats a Tardick lizard named Zeus lightly.
Lily says to Melinda in a New Earth accent, "Nissi will get you...'aww."
Lily laughs.
Melinda says to Nissi, "You should get to have fun too."
Melinda Michaels carefully aims a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side at Nissi Valdaire and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side, soaking Nissi Valdaire completely.
You hear a wet tearing sound.
Lillian grins at Melinda.
Nissi shrieks!
Lily laughs.
Morris exclaims, "Wow!"
Kim says, "Oh my."
Kim giggles.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders southeast.
Kim says, "You guys scared Cindy away with all that water."
Kim laughs.
Morris shakes in silent laughter.
laugh kim
You laugh at Kim.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a glass of cold lemonade.
Melinda Michaels puts a black plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed
on the side in a black canvas gear bag.
Melinda Michaels kisses Lillian Hudson on her temple.
Melinda says in a Bedford accent, "See, no water."
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lillian says to Melinda, "Suck up."
Melinda says to Lillian, "Probably."
Lillian grins.
Morris glances at Melinda. "And it's so hard to get to, too."
Michael Winters quickly drains a cup of freshly brewed coffee with cream and
sugar.
Morris ducks!
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Morris grins.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Michael Winters puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lily Kaise settles a Tardick lizard named Asteria on her shoulder, its tail
curled loosely around her.
Melinda says to Morris in a Bedford accent, "What is?"
Kim Saunders glances down at her wrist-mounted chronometer momentarily.
Lily Kaise dangles a hot cheeseburger with the works in front of a Tardick
lizard named Asteria. The lizard's tongue flicks out once, then its head lunges
forward, snapping up the food in a sudden blur and immediately swallowing it
whole.
Morris says to Melinda, "The water gun."
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Asteria lovingly.
Morris Corlew finishes off a glass of cold lemonade.
Melinda says to Morris in a Bedford accent, "Get your own."
Melinda grins.
Morris Corlew puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Kim Saunders finishes off a cup of hot red rooibos tea.
Kim Saunders puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lillian says to Morris in an Old Earth accent, "Then you can get wet all on your
own."
Melinda giggles.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Morris says to Melinda, "'nah...not into getting other folks wet."
Morris smirks. "Or wetting myself."
Melinda says to Morris in a Bedford accent, "You poor fellah."
Lillian giggles.
Morris shrugs.
Akemi Bando moves in from the southeast.
Akemi Bando waves.
Melinda says to Akemi, "Hey there."
Kim waves to Akemi.
Lillian waves to Akemi.
Lily Kaise waves to Akemi.
Morris waves to Akemi.
Kim says to Akemi, "How was your nap?"
Akemi says, "Restful."
Morris Corlew activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Lillian Hudson scrambles to her feet.
Lillian Hudson strides southwest.
Kim says, "Glad to hear."
"Someone needs to wet Akemi now," Michael says.
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southeast.
Lillian Hudson gives a cold cherry cola float to Akemi Bando.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Morris chuckles.
Akemi says, "Ah, cola."
Lillian Hudson smiles.
Akemi says, "Thank you."
Lillian says, "Of course."
Melinda says to Michael, "I did that earlier."
Michael snickers.
Akemi Bando sits down on a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly into the area.
Melinda pats a Tardick lizard named Freyja lightly.
wave akemi
You wave to Akemi.
Akemi waves.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja flicks its tongue out.
Lily Kaise carefully removes a Tardick lizard named Asteria from her shoulder.
Lily Kaise puts down a Tardick lizard named Asteria.
Kim Saunders activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
pet asteria
You stroke a Tardick lizard named Asteria lovingly.
org
You are out of communications range.
Kim Saunders navigates her metallic green touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
Kim Saunders switches a metallic green touch einrophone off.
A Tardick lizard named Raissa trundles slowly into the area.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus turns to regard its surroundings from its perch on
Melinda Michaels's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief
moment.
It feels as if something is trying to force its way out of your skull.
Kim says, "Yuk, that felt truly uncomfortable."
Michael exclaims, "Aliens!"
Akemi Bando strokes a Tardick lizard named Raissa lovingly.
"That's," says Sakura. "Not cute."
A Tardick lizard named Raissa blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent
to its surroundings.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out.
[Newbie Help] Mike Marshall transmits, "Did I miss something? When I turn my
coms off I still hear the genral coms."
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew transmits, "Use 'gen comm'"
[Newbie Help] Cesar Ysidro transmits, "SOunds like you didn't actually turn your
comm off."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
It feels as if something is trying to force its way out of your skull.
A Tardick lizard named Isis trundles slowly into the area.
Lillian Hudson strokes a Tardick lizard named Isis lovingly.
Lillian Hudson activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Lillian Hudson activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Morris Corlew activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly southwest.
"Oh," says Nissi. "Bye Freyja."
Melinda grins.
Kim grins.
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tail.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly southeast.
Lillian says, "Lizards woo."
A Tardick lizard named Raissa flicks its tongue out.
Melinda pats a Tardick lizard named Isis lightly.
Melinda says to a Tardick lizard named Isis in a Bedford accent, "Keep her in
line."
Kim yawns.
"Well," says Kim, "time to see what the inside of my eyelids look like."
Melinda says to Kim, "Rest well."
Kim says, "Thank you."
Lily says to Kim, "Have a good sleep cycle."
Michael says, "They're all red on the inside."
Michael waves to Kim.
Kim giggles.
Michael says to Kim, "Sleep well."
Lily says, "You might want to remove cobwebs."
Lily laughs.
Kim says, "Stay safe everyone."
"And spiders," says Michael.
Lily nods.
Kim says, "Brrrr, spiders."
Michael laughs.
Kim waves.
Lily waves.
Kim Saunders strolls southwest.
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "Have a good sleep, Kim."
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Thank you."
Akemi Bando says into the PA microphone, "Don't worry about the spiders, this is
an arachnid-resistant hull."
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Hahaha, good one."
pa Rest well, Kim.
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Morris stretches.
A Tardick lizard named Raissa trundles slowly southwest.
"I need a walk," says Morris. "I'll be back soon."
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
A high-pitched whine fills your senses.
Akemi shakes her head.
Akemi says, "Tinnitus."
You look down at your watch, but you find that you cannot comprehend the concept
of time.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
The curtains close, to no applause.
A Tardick lizard named Isis blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent
to its surroundings.
You hear a loud call in front of you, and the flock shifts as one, finding a new
updraft.
Michael yawns.
A Tardick lizard named Isis trundles slowly southeast.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly into the area.
Akemi says, "They ought to sell little wizard hats for the lizards."
Lily laughs.
Lillian grins. "That would be cute."
Melinda says, "Aww."
Lily says, "I don't think tail ribbons or bows would work though."
"All that flicking," says Lily in a New Earth accent, "they'd lose them in no
time."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja flicks its tongue out.
Michael says, "Put bells on the collars."
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
Objects and walls inside the ship seem faintly translucent, and when in your
periphery seem to disappear completely, replaced with perfect blue sky and puffy
white clouds. The ship flies as part of a flock, birds stretching off into the
distance. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos', a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a Tardick lizard
named Freyja here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund is dozing on a cream
oriental rug. Nathaniel Owens is dozing on a black leather sectional sofa.
Sakura Arakida is sitting on Zandria Marschaund's lap. Michael Winters is
sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Akemi Bando is sitting on a dark
yellow leather captain's chair. Nissi Valdaire, Melinda Michaels, Lily Kaise,
and Lillian Hudson are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly southwest.
[Newbie Help] Caleb Davenport transmits, "Some how my line is saying that my
anchor is already attached to it when it's not."
[Newbie Help] Caleb Davenport transmits, "Is there some kind of fix for this?"
[Newbie Help] Keegan Wantz transmits, "USE the anchor."
[Newbie Help] Keegan Wantz transmits, "Again."
[Newbie Help] Caleb Davenport transmits, "Tried that like 3 times."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
[Newbie Help] Dexter Green transmits, "Maybe go do a different location?"
Lillian gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
A human being named Akemiakemi blinks her dark brown eyes slowly, utterly
indifferent to Zeus's indifference.
Melinda asks, "What the fuck?"
A human being named Akemi blinks her dark brown eyes slowly, utterly indifferent
to ~isis's indifference.
Akemi Bando says, OOCly, "I am totally fucking this one up, I thought it'd be
funny."
Lily blinks slowly, her thoughts turning inward.
Melinda Michaels says, OOCly, "Ah okay."
Michael laughs.
A human being named Akemi blinks her dark brown eyes slowly, utterly indifferent
to Zeus's indifference.
Melinda grins.
Akemi Bando says, OOCly, "Third try has it. There we go."
Michael grins.
Lily laughs.
Melinda Michaels says, OOCly, "I thought hosts were messing around. Haha."
Michael Winters says, OOCly, "So did I."
Lillian Hudson says, OOCly, "Yeah, I thought that was the hosts for a second
haha."
Lily Kaise exclaims, OOCly, "Yeah me too. That was pretty good!"
Lillian grins at Akemi.
Morris Corlew meanders in from the southeast.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a day old room temperature lemon-poppy seed
muffin.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
A bird grows tired and falls behind the V formation. You take its place.
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a day old warm chocolate chip muffin.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe au lait.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a day old warm chocolate chip muffin.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe au lait.
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a glass of chilled orange juice.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a day old warm chocolate chip muffin.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a day old warm chocolate chip muffin.
Lily Kaise finishes off a day old warm chocolate chip muffin.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe au lait.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe au lait.
Lily Kaise finishes off a cup of hot cafe au lait.
Lily Kaise puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lillian Hudson presses a few buttons on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device, sending a message.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device chirps quietly,
indicating that it has begun sending a message.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Akemi says, "Lillian."
Lillian says in an Old Earth accent, "I did nothing."
Akemi says in a Japanese accent, "Don't touch that again, please."
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
Akemi Bando scrambles to her feet.
Akemi Bando moves southeast.
The computer announces, "Communications systems offline."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
The computer announces, "Initializing startup procedures for communications
systems."
Anfisa of Marzore glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Akemi Bando moves in from the southeast.
Akemi Bando grumbles.
"I was hoping that would make it stop," Akemi says.
Lily Kaise nods to Akemi.
"The QE is used to keep in contact with people in comms," Lillian says. "By
sending a slightly humorous question, I ensure that we get someone's attention
who will inform us if anything is happening back home. If we don't make an
effort to communicate, chances are we won't hear anything. You aren't there."
Anfisa of Marzore says, "QE is not toy for children."
The computer announces, "Communications systems online."
Akemi says to Lillian, "Again, please don't touch it for the rest of the trip."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lillian says to Akemi, "I'll ask Kim about it."
"I have to be firm about this because we've learned a lot of bad habits with
these things," Akemi says.
Michael Winters glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in from
the southwest.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Currently Sending: Q DO PPL LIVE
Sent So Far: Q DO 
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lillian exclaims, "Bip!"
Michael says to Lillian, "Bip!"
Lillian says to Michael in an Old Earth accent, "Bip bip."
Michael says to Lillian, "Bip bip bip?"
Lillian nods and nods to Michael.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo stares up at Blake Madison for a moment, then
says, "Mrr" and wanders away.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Akemi Bando strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Akemi's hand.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
The flock's leader retires to another part of the V formation, and another bird
replaces it.
Akemi says to Sassie the large fuchsia felo in a Japanese accent, "I wonder if
we could teach you how to hum "Do The Felo"?"
Nissi Valdaire strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Nissi's hand.
Melinda hugs Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Michael Winters strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Michael's hand.
Lillian says to Sassie the large fuchsia felo in an Old Earth accent, "Mrr."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Akemi Bando sits down on a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew quickly drains a glass of chilled orange juice.
Morris Corlew puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Morris Corlew scrambles to his feet.
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device chirps quietly,
indicating that it has finished sending a message.
Lillian exclaims, "Bip bip bip chirp!"
Akemi Bando presses a few buttons on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device, sending a message.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device chirps quietly,
indicating that it has begun sending a message.
Melinda applauds sedately.
"What about Cilah?" Lillian glances at Akemi. "Do we want to tie up the QE so
much?"
Lillian Hudson glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Nissi Valdaire glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Melinda says, "Oh."
Akemi says, "We're saving them the time of replying with something to chide us
for treating it like a toy."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lillian shrugs. "I hope Cilah doesn't need it."
Akemi says, "She can wait another ten minutes if she does."
Lillian Hudson picks up a purple plastic paper dispenser.
Lillian Hudson examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
"Hmm, probably nobody back there would do that," Melinda says. "Pierre is famous
for very long meaningless messages."
Lillian Hudson makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of purple paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting
hand.
Lillian nods to Melinda.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lillian Hudson gives a purple plastic paper dispenser to Melinda Michaels.
Lillian Hudson gives a sheet of purple paper to Melinda Michaels.
Akemi says, "I thought a great deal about if I wanted one of these on my ship."
Melinda Michaels puts down a purple plastic paper dispenser.
Melinda Michaels puts a sheet of purple paper in a black canvas gear bag.
"They're very useful," says Akemi, "but they have a way of inviting misuse."
Melinda Michaels picks up a purple plastic paper dispenser.
Melinda Michaels examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Melinda Michaels makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of red paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting hand.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo stares up at Michael Winters for a moment, then
says, "Mrr" and wanders away.
A bird grows tired and falls behind the V formation. You take its place.
Melinda says, "I wonder what does MRR mean."
Michael says to Sassie the large fuchsia felo in a Candelaria accent, "Well, you
sure told me."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lillian grins at Michael.
Melinda Michaels gives a purple plastic paper dispenser to Lillian Hudson.
Lillian Hudson puts a purple plastic paper dispenser in an azure blue silk
backpack embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Michael Winters glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Melinda Michaels gives a sheet of red paper to Lillian Hudson.
Lillian considers a sheet of red paper thoughtfully.
Lillian Hudson puts a sheet of red paper in an azure blue silk backpack
embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Lillian Hudson removes a purple plastic paper dispenser from an azure blue silk
backpack embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Lillian Hudson examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
"If you two want to excuse yourselves for your conversation I'd think it less
rude than passing notes back and forth," Akemi says.
Lillian Hudson makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of orange paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting
hand.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lillian says to Akemi, "No no, I want to see if we get a reply. Besides,
exploration trips are all about finding things, and I can't take part in that if
I'm not in the control room."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
The flock banks suddenly, and you turn to follow, but no other bird is in sight.
The scene abruptly fades.
You hear a steady, rhythmic sound. The mist clears, and you gaze out through the
window at the passing landscape as the train chugs along.
Morris Corlew meanders in from the southeast.
Lillian Hudson gives a purple plastic paper dispenser to Melinda Michaels.
"Passing notes is rude, yes," Nissi says. "Hope this helps."
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders
southeast.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily frowns.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Morris Corlew removes a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition" from a
small black leather backpack.
Morris Corlew closes a small black leather backpack.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lillian says to Morris Corlew in an Old Earth accent, "Good book."
Morris Corlew grins at Lillian. "Yup. A little not so light reading."
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Morris Corlew turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Morris Corlew reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Nissi Valdaire crumples up her sheet of pink paper and throws it in a nearby
garbage can.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in from
the southeast.
Morris Corlew turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Morris Corlew reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device chirps quietly,
indicating that it has finished sending a message.
Lily Kaise examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris Corlew turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Morris Corlew reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Akemi frowns at Lillian.
Morris Corlew turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Morris Corlew reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Lillian glances at Akemi.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo stares up at Blake Madison for a moment, then
says, "Mrr" and wanders away.
Morris Corlew turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Morris Corlew reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Lily Kaise nods.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo stares up at Akemi Bando for a moment, then says,
"Mrr" and wanders away.
Akemi Bando strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Akemi's hand.
Lillian Hudson gives a sheet of orange paper to Melinda Michaels.
Morris gets a distant look on his face as he ponders. "Guessing I can figure out
why you can't customize an ASS-A2..."
Morris says in an Old Earth accent, "Name of one I mean."
Akemi says, "All of Agnarr's ships use code names."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
"Guessing pilots would give them weird names, too." Morris nods to Akemi. "I was
already scheming until I read that line."
[MTTS] kanamoto: Ahhh, that'd do it. Hope you guys are doing alright!
[MTTS] Myrv: Wut.
[MTTS] dragonfire: I have a confused face.
[MTTS] B.A.: My guess is it is a reply to a support ticket answer which did not
merit re-opening the ticket.
Lily looks at you thoughtfully.
[MTTS] kanamoto: Reopening a support ticket for 'Oh, I understand!' is bad.
Lily Kaise glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Lillian grins at Lily.
Michael Winters glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris Corlew turns a page in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316
Edition".
Morris Corlew reads in a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Sakura Arakida glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Akemi says to Morris, "I got lucky and got an ASS-F1 frigate named "Alanna
Butts""
Melinda chuckles.
Melinda gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Sakura exclaims, "Three cheers for the butts!"
"Haha Butts," says Lillian. "Probably better than any of us could do."
Morris chuckles at Akemi. "I thought you'd named that."
Lily laughs. "That one m amused me."
Akemi says to Morris, "Nope, got assigned it when I asked for a re-name."
Morris says to Akemi, "What was the original name?"
Zandria grins.
Akemi says to Morris, "Michael something. I don't remember exactly, just that it
wasn't something that would be very easy to remember."
Morris nods to Akemi. "Apparently not."
Akemi says, "Too generic and boring."
Lily says, "I didn't realize we could request a rename until I saw yours."
"Alanna Butts is definitely not generic," Morris says.
"I didn't know that wasn't the original name," Lillian says.
Lily chuckles.
Melinda says, "I didn't either."
Lily says, "I guess they could have named it something like Bertha Butt."
Lily laughs.
Morris grins. "I had the very brief thought of naming one ASSS Master before I
read they couldn't be customized."
Akemi says, "Ah, pilot humor."
Akemi chuckles.
Morris shrugs and grins.
Lillian says to Akemi, "You joke about Butts all the time."
Lillian grins.
Akemi says, "Yeah, it's funny."
Lillian says, "It is."
Akemi says to Morris, "If you ever pay attention to the way the Allied Pirates
name their ships, there are some that are worth a chuckle at least."
grin
You grin.
"A few that directly mock us," says Akemi, "like 'There Are No Wolves In Space'"
Morris says to Akemi, "I haven't run into any...yet. Thanking the stars for
that."
Nissi says, "People always think my ship It's Common But We Don't Talk About It
is a pirate ship."
Melinda says in a Bedford accent, "Soaring beagle."
Melinda grins.
"I felt that the wolf one was kind of unfair," Akemi says. "There's only like 11
ships in the civilian fleet that use wolf-theme names, out of a couple of
thousand."
Lily says, "Yeah priate ship names are pretty comical."
"Um pirate," says Lily.
"They are," says Lillian.
"I wonder if that wolf one was originally stolen and had a name having to do
with a wolf," Morris says.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Lillian Hudson stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lillian Hudson strides southeast.
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southwest.
Lillian Hudson settles a Tardick lizard named Isis on her shoulder, its tail
curled loosely around her.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
"It's possible," says Akemi, "but provided Kelsey was telling the truth about
his ship acquisitions, most of their ships are purchased."
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Morris nods. "Could also be that particular pilot had a run-in he or she didn't
like with one of the Wolf ships."
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise settles a Tardick lizard named Asteria on her shoulder, its tail
curled loosely around her.
"They rarely field anything from the alliance shipbuilders larger than a light
gunboat," Akemi says. "Their largest ships are usually from Agnarr."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria turns to regard its surroundings from its perch
on Lily Kaise's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
"I wouldn't put it past ship manufacturers to over-produce on smaller ships that
there's less government oversight on," says Akemi, "and then funnel them through
shell companies and straw purchases to the Allied Pirates."
Akemi says, "That's just a guess though."
Lillian Hudson blinks and glances at Akemi, then rubs her head. "Hm... Maybe?
That's complicated, but I've no head for business, so..."
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in from
the airlock.
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
"I've heard that kind of thing is more easily handled in some sectors than
others," Morris says.
A conductor asks you for your ticket. You search your pockets, and when you
finally look up to confess you've lost it, he is gone.
Morris says, "Dammit I never have that ticket."
Morris grins.
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders
southwest.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in from
the southwest.
Liam O'Toole bebops in from the southwest.
Liam O'Toole gasps.
Liam asks, "Are we there yet?"
Morris waves to Liam.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Almost!"
"We've already been there." Morris grins at Liam. "Some of us forgot to get off
the ship."
grin
You grin.
Liam chuckles and says, "Well, you could have thrown me out if you didn't want
me here!"
Sassie the large fuchsia felo stares up at Anfisa of Marzore for a moment, then
says, "Mrr" and wanders away.
Morris asks, "Who said they didn't want you anywhere?"
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lillian
Hudson's shoulder.
Nissi Valdaire strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Nissi's hand.
Akemi says to Liam in a Japanese accent, "Nonsense, you're among friends."
pet sassi
You stroke the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand, looking
up at you adoringly.
Liam says to Sassie the large fuchsia felo, "Hey, don't get too close.  Nissi's
all mine."
grin liam
You grin at Liam.
pet xavier
I don't see that here.
The train suddenly blows its whistle for no apparent reason.
"All aboard!" exclaims Liam.
Morris says, "We're lucky we haven't been kicked off the train after not having
our tickets so many times."
Liam walks around pretending to check everyone's train tickets.  He pauses at
Sakura and says, "Only one person per seat, please."
Lily Kaise removes a small red ticket bordered in gold from a lavender silk
backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Morris chuckles.
chuckle
Lily holds on tightly to her ticket!
You chuckle.
Lily laughs.
'but they said I didn't need a ticket.
"But they said I didn't need a ticket," you say.
Lily says, "Shule likes the standing room ticket."
Lily grins.
chuckle lily
You chuckle at Lily.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Akemi says, "It's healthy to stand for awhile."
Lily nods.
Liam says, "Especially spending this much time in reduced gravity situations."
Morris nods to Akemi. "Agreed."
Melinda says to Liam in a Bedford accent, "Hey."
Liam says, "We really need a place to do some good workouts."
Liam says to Melinda, "Hey, chica!"
Morris says to Liam in an Old Earth accent, "Definitely agree with that."
"I've just observed Shule stand until he fell asleep and I didn't want to pick
him up off of the deck once again," Lily says.
Lily laughs.
Liam says to Morris, "Back on real Earth there's a nice workout room in the
Tribecca."
Liam says to Lily, "The easier solution is just to put the ship into zero-g."
Akemi says, "There's a gym in the org center too."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
Morris gestures vaguely at himself. "I don't stay like this sitting on my behind
all day every day."
Melinda says to Morris, "Like what?"
"Great suggestion!" Lily grins at Liam.
Melinda grins.
Morris nods to Akemi. "Yeah, I've been to that one I think."
Liam sits down to the left of Nissi's left leg and then lightly leans back
against the couch, resting his head casually against her outer thigh and knee.
Liam O'Toole sits down.
Akemi says to Morris, "Ask Paisley about treadmills sometime."
Nissi says, "Well I'll just nip on over to the org gym then."
Akemi says in a Japanese accent, "She's got a good story she likes to tell about
it."
Morris chuckles at Melinda. "Not flabby...keeping my muscles."
"Oh no," says Morris.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo jumps into Anfisa of Marzore's lap and settles in,
purring.
Liam says to Nissi in an Earther accent, "I could use a workout partner."
Morris says to Akemi, "I will do that."
Melinda grins at Liam.
Liam says to Morris, "If you're going to be in my org you need to have strong
muscles."
Akemi says to Sassie the large fuchsia felo, "Good choice."
Liam says to Morris, "Since we support the CATS. Gotta look good."
Michael says, "No gravity is a good workout."
Morris says to Liam in an Old Earth accent, "'is that an invitation? I hadn't
thought a whole lot about it yet...partly because I'm not eligible for awhile."
Melinda laughs.
Melinda says to Morris, "Probably not."
Liam says to Morris, "It's a non-formal one. I might open the org up now."
Liam smiles.
Liam says to Melinda, "So take that!"
Morris says to Melinda, "Didn't figure, but thought I'd clarify."
Akemi gives Liam a thumbs up!
Melinda says to Liam in a Bedford accent, "Uh huh, nice save."
Liam says to Melinda, "Seriously! Morris asked me about it the other day. If I
can give back to pilots by having an org then I feel like it'd be a good thing."
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around Lily Kaise's neck.
Melinda says to Liam in a Bedford accent, "Ah ha, I missed a beat there. I
thought he was asking you about the work out thing."
Morris nods. "At the time I didn't know what the qualifications were."
Akemi says to Morris, "You'll meet them in good time."
Liam says to Morris, "They are lengthy."
Liam coughs.
Morris nods to Akemi. "Yeah I know. I'm working on it."
Liam pretends to whisper to Nissi, "You'll need to help me come up with some org
requirements for Morris other than just being a nice person."
Lily laughs.
Morris blushes.
A conductor asks you for your ticket. You search your pockets, and when you
finally look up to confess you've lost it, he is gone.
Lily Kaise puts a small red ticket bordered in gold in a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Liam says to the conductor, "That Lily person over there took my ticket to
ride!"
Nissi grins.
Melinda giggles.
Lily snickers.
Morris says, "I think the conductor is used to me not having that ticket."
Liam says to Morris, "You can pick up a ticket at Feng Wo."
Lily Kaise sings:
 
          "I've got a ticket to ride!"
 
Morris says to Liam in an Old Earth accent, "Never been out there."
Liam leans over and sings to Lily, "You've got a ticket to rideeeeeee!"
Lily grins.
Liam says to Morris, "Sounds like a good org trip!"
Liam coughs.
Lily nods to Liam.
Lily Kaise says, OOCly, "Had to twist it."
The computer beeps in an imperative manner and informs you that the starship's
sensors have detected a new location of interest in the riftflow.
Liam exclaims, "Asteroids!"
Akemi exclaims, "Snowballs!"
"Debris and comets!" exclaims Lily.
Michael asks, "Good thing?"
Morris exclaims, "Stuff...and things!"
"We don't have any syrup on board though," Akemi says. "No shaved ice snow
cones."
Morris says, "Darn."
Michael says, "Aww."
Morris says, "Not sure those would be very...clean, anyway."
Morris says, "Don't eat the yellow snowballs."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Opik-Oort Signature 6366-5086 about 8.72 light-grand cycles
toward Galactic Northeast and Very Slightly Up.
Liam says to Morris, "That could be the org motto."
Morris laughs.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Morris shrugs. "And sell yellow snowcones in the mess."
Lily Kaise carefully removes a Tardick lizard named Asteria from her shoulder.
Morris says, "...flavor random."
Lily Kaise puts a Tardick lizard named Asteria in a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard
snuggly labeled 'Asteria'.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria settles down, curling its limbs inward. Its eyes
close slowly and it appears to sleep.
"Banana flavor," says Akemi, "lemon flavor, and pineapple flavor."
Liam says to Akemi, "Be careful with that banana flavor!"
Lily asks, "No chocolate?"
You hear voices crying in panic. "Oh no, the brakes!" The train picks up speed
rapidly.
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
The computer announces, "Warning: Entering riftstorm."
Steam billows from the train's engine, obscuring your vision.
"Oh whoah," says Lily.
Lily laughs.
The formless shifting void gradually acquires a regular crest and fall until,
after several moments, you suddenly realize you are on a wide expanse of ocean.
Tall wooden masts creak above you, and white canvas sails snap in the breeze.
Morris says to Lily, "Yellow chocolate?"
Lily says, "Uh no."
"That sounds..." says Lily.
Morris chuckles.
Morris says, "But butterscotch and caramel would count...sorta."
glance 'Oh, another rift storm?
"Oh, another rift storm?" You glance around at your surroundings.
Lily grins at you.
Lily winks at you.
"Hm," says Akemi. "Direction's not so good."
Melinda says, "Nope."
Akemi Bando activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive detections
and recent ping returns.
Lily says, "Ugh yeh isn't."
grin lily
You grin at Lily.
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
Morris says, "Here comes the nausea..."
Akemi Bando turns a small dial on the rift drive control board, trimming the
riftsail to 50%.
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
Akemi says, "Yeah, better."
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
Akemi says, "It's useful having that oort to measure against."
Melinda says, "Yup."
"I need to excuse myself for a few minutes," Akemi says. "Keep an eye on things,
please."
Akemi Bando stands up from a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
Melinda nods.
Akemi Bando moves southeast.
Morris nods.
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus turns to regard its surroundings from its perch on
Melinda Michaels's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief
moment.
Morris Corlew stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Morris stretches.
"Time for a walk," says Morris.
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
drush cc all
I don't understand that.
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
Melinda gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Melinda Michaels stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Melinda Michaels strolls southwest.
Melinda Michaels strolls in from the southwest.
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
Howling winds whip the waves of the ocean into a frenzy. Salt spray blows across
the heavy wooden ship's timbers, thrown into the air with every crashing wave.
Canvas sails high in the air billow outwards, barely held in place by sturdy
rigging that strains to hold the ship together. Dark storm clouds boil overhead
like the wrath of a heathen god, occasionally flashing with inner lightning.
Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the
windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos' here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is
dozing on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund is dozing on
a cream oriental rug. Nathaniel Owens is dozing on a black leather sectional
sofa. Sakura Arakida is dozing on Zandria Marschaund's lap. Michael Winters is
sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Liam O'Toole is seated. Nissi
Valdaire, Lillian Hudson, Lily Kaise, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare
black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
Lillian glances around at her surroundings.
Lillian Hudson glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
Michael Winters glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
Sakura Arakida glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
A Tardick lizard named Isis, perched on Lillian Hudson's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Nissi says in a Centaurian accent, "It is stormy."
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
Lily smiles at you.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo jumps down from Anfisa of Marzore's lap.
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
Zandria nods.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo stares up at Melinda Michaels for a moment, then
says, "Mrr" and wanders away.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
Nissi Valdaire strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Nissi's hand.
A Tardick lizard named Isis turns to regard its surroundings from its perch on
Lillian Hudson's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders
southeast.
The smell of salt and the sounds of the waves slowly begin to fade, until once
more nothing but a formless void surrounds the ship.
The mist turns to black smoke that soon drifts away, and you find that the ship
is on a conveyor belt, moving rapidly through a factory.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Morris Corlew meanders in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a deluxe double vanilla milkshake in a tall glass.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lillian
Hudson's shoulder.
Akemi Bando moves in from the southeast.
Lily waves to Akemi Bando.
Akemi Bando waves.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Akemi says, "Still riding through the storm I see."
Lily nods.
Akemi Bando sits down on a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
Nissi says, "Gotta ride through somethin."
Liam says to Nissi, "That's a good motto."
Michael chuckles.
Morris Corlew says to Liam in an Old Earth accent, "There's your motto. Probably
better than the yellow snowball thing."
Liam says to Melinda Michaels in an Earther accent, "And, for the record, I am
the CATS mascot."
Liam grins at Morris Corlew.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Melinda Michaels says to Liam in a Bedford accent, "Somebody has to be."
Melinda Michaels grins.
Morris Corlew glances at Liam and grins. "Never noticed the pointy ears before
now."
Zandria smiles.
Liam says, "haha.  Very funny, Morris," and then lets out a chuckle as he throws
his arm across Nissi's knees.
Akemi says, "I left my elf ears on Earth."
Morris shrugs. "I often try to be humorous...I don't always succeed."
Liam says to Morris in an Earther accent, "I found it funny!"
Liam says to Morris in an Earther accent, "Most pilots call me dad, because my
jokes are terrible."
Morris says to Liam in an Old Earth accent, "Hmm..."
Zandria Marschaund switches a message board reader on and peers at the screen.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
Akemi says to Liam in a Japanese accent, "Did I tell you the one about John Doe,
Ivan Ivanovich, and Sinjoro Ajnulo?"
Liam says to Akemi in an Earther accent, "Nope!"
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lillian
Hudson's shoulder.
Morris Corlew switches a message board reader on and peers at the screen.
Morris Corlew switches a message board reader off.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Akemi says to Liam in a Japanese accent, "When they walked into a bar together,
the bartender looked them over and said, "Gentlemen, new in town?" and they
said, "Yes, how did you know?""
"And the bartender says," says Akemi in a Japanese accent, "'I don't know who
any of you are.'"
Liam nods along as Akemi speaks.
"That's it," says Akemi. "That's the punchline."
Morris shakes his head and smiles.
Morris says, "I've never heard that one before."
Akemi says, "I made it up."
Liam grins.
Morris says in an Old Earth accent, "Someone needs to make a 'Pilot Joke Book'"
Morris says, "Maybe Liam's org can do it...as an org project."
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a deluxe double vanilla milkshake in a tall glass.
"Well I heard a joke that had been passed around by my grandfather," Zandria
says. "It starts out that he was on this voyage with a bunch of shipmates and
he'd chewed up his pillow to bits and he said he had a bad nightmare. One of his
shipmates says, 'So how are you feeling.' My grandfather says, 'Not bad. Just a
little down in the mouth.'"
Zandria laughs.
Akemi says, "100% goose down."
Liam grins at Zandria.
Morris grins.
Zandria grins at Liam.
Zandria says, "I could never remember all those punchlines of the jokes he came
up with."
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
"Hmmm, time I check something," Zandria says. "Just to be on the safe side."
Liam says, "Uh oh."
"No no," says Zandria. "Nothing bad."
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a deluxe double vanilla milkshake in a tall glass.
Nissi says, "Don't worry, pilots can't get pregnant."
Michael says in a Candelaria accent, "She's gonna check Sakura."
Michael grins.
Liam exclaims in an Earther accent, "That's not true!"
Melinda cheers.
Liam says, "Aisling can."
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
"And Alysara," says Liam.
Liam says, "And Anfisa."
Zandria says, "No no no."
Zandria says, "That may be later."
Zandria laughs.
Michael snickers.
Zandria stands up, mindful of Sakura on her lap, and gently guides her so that
her head is resting on the side of the couch.
Liam says to Nissi, "And we can always try."
Zandria Marschaund stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Sakura Arakida falls from Zandria Marschaund's lap.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
Nissi grins.
Zandria Marschaund says, OOCly, "Ignore."
Zandria Marschaund pulls Sakura Arakida towards her.
Melinda asks, "Can we have little baby furniture in the destroyer ships?"
Zandria Marschaund says, OOCly, "So you can't put somebody on something here?
Bummer."
Zandria Marschaund lopes southeast.
Liam says to Melinda in an Earther accent, "Do you want a dollhouse, too?"
Lily laughs.
Melinda says to Liam, "Sure."
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
"Well," says Liam, "I'm going to go and take a quick shower."
Liam says to Morris, "That means please don't go in the shower near my room."
Melinda grins.
"Which one is yours?" Morris grins at Liam.
Liam says to Nissi, "Babe, what room are we in? Six?"
Morris chuckles. "I'll be sure to lock the door from the outside for about 10
minutes."
Nissi says, "One of those."
Morris says, "Then figure out how to turn the hot water off."
[Newbie Help] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Is there a way to put someone on a
couch or a rug at all?"
Zandria Marschaund lopes in from the southwest.
[Newbie Help] Melinda Michaels transmits, "Put person on furniture name."
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "Put person on item."
Liam O'Toole stands up.
Liam O'Toole bebops southwest.
Zandria Marschaund says in an Old Earth accent, "Oopsy."
Zandria Marschaund sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "If they're still considered active it
will default to asking them permission. If they're sleeping or dozing you go
ahead and do it."
[Newbie Help] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Hmmm, that didn't exactly work."
Zandria laughs.
Liam O'Toole's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "The shower in Mid B
is now occupied."
Zandria hugs Sakura.
Zandria Marschaund examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
use decanter
You examine an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio
[2] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel
[3] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir
[4] Cafe Pepe (Secret Recipe) Sangria
[5] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Extra-Dry Prosecco
Enter your selection:
3
You help yourself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew transmits, "I think when I did it I had to have the
person in my group...but I don't quite recall."
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Zandria Marschaund helps herself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape
Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Zandria Marschaund holds Sakura Arakida's hand, taking her into her group.
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a deluxe double vanilla milkshake in a tall glass.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
drink goblet
You finish off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Zandria Marschaund disbands her group.
put goblet in trash
You put a goblet in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lily blinks at you.
[Newbie Help] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Nope."
"Wow," says Lily.
"You did all but gulp that down," Lily says.
Zandria Marschaund says, OOCly, "Ignore those last two. Blah...oh well."
Lily laughs at you.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Melinda Michaels says, OOCly, "Stand up and try it."
Nissi Valdaire scrambles to her feet.
Nissi Valdaire walks southeast.
Zandria Marschaund stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Zandria Marschaund holds Sakura Arakida's hand, taking her into her group.
Zandria Marschaund disbands her group.
Zandria Marschaund sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew transmits, "I just did it yesterday and it worked. I
might have done it the long way but I had to carry the person then put them
down."
Zandria Marschaund says, OOCly, "Mer."
[Newbie Help] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "One more time for good luck then."
[Newbie Help] Akemi Bando transmits, "If the person hasn't been inactive long
enough, it just won't work without their permission."
[Newbie Help] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Good thing to know then. No probs."
chuckle lily
Melinda Michaels says, OOCly, "She is showing as active is the reason."
You chuckle at Lily.
Zandria laughs.
Zandria Marschaund says, OOCly, "Failness."
Zandria Marschaund takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape
Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel.
Zandria Marschaund says, OOCly, "I didn't know as she's playing video games."
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Liam O'Toole's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Alright. My water
allotment has been used up."
Zandria yawns.
Zandria Marschaund takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape
Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel.
Akemi Bando says into the PA microphone, "You may now flush the toilet again."
Lily laughs.
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "Good."
Zandria Marschaund says into the PA microphone, "What happened? Did someone clog
it?"
Zandria Marschaund takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape
Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel.
Morris Corlew finishes off a deluxe double vanilla milkshake in a tall glass.
Akemi Bando says into the PA microphone, "It's a joke. I think the graywater and
blackwater systems are completely separate anyway."
Morris Corlew puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
Lily smiles at you.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus turns to regard its surroundings from its perch on
Melinda Michaels's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief
moment.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the southeast.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
Lily says, "Aww."
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand.
Zandria grins.
"Saw that one as I was looking in on the fishies," Zandria says.
Zandria grins.
grin
You grin.
Akemi Bando scrambles to her feet.
Akemi Bando moves southeast.
Lily says, "Took him awhile to warm up."
Zandria says, "Yeah."
Michael Winters strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs softly.
Kosmo the humanoid service robot clomps into the room.
Kosmo the humanoid service robot says in a synthesized voice, "Assigned task
complete."
Akemi Bando moves in from the southeast.
Akemi Bando sits down on a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
Lily pats Kosmo the humanoid service robot lightly.
Akemi Bando says in a Japanese accent, "Kosmo, go feed felo now."
Kosmo the humanoid service robot says in a synthesized voice, "Order confirmed."
Kosmo the humanoid service robot says in a synthesized voice, "Assigned task
complete."
Akemi gives a thumbs up to Kosmo the humanoid service robot, which does not
appear to care.
Zandria exclaims, "Nifty!"
nod lily 'but he did eventually
"Kosmo," says Akemi, "do a trick like those catbots."
You nod to Lily. "But he did eventually."
Kosmo the humanoid service robot says in a synthesized voice, "Unknown command.
Please ask for 'help.'"
Lily nods.
Michael laughs.
Akemi says, "Kosmo, follow me downstairs."
Kosmo the humanoid service robot says in a synthesized voice, "Order confirmed."
Kosmo the humanoid service robot begins following Akemi Bando.
Akemi Bando scrambles to her feet.
Akemi Bando moves southeast.
Kosmo the humanoid service robot clomps after Akemi Bando.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Will take a bit before hs is as
friendly towards me, just like mine were with you."
Akemi Bando moves in from the southeast.
nod lily
Lily says, "He' is that is."
Akemi Bando sits down on a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
You nod to Lily.
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Zandria Marschaund takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape
Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel.
Lily Kaise finishes off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise puts a goblet in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Zandria Marschaund finishes off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape
Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
"Need to try that Marzore dark," Zandria says. "I hear that's very good."
Akemi Bando says in a Japanese accent, "It is."
Zandria Marschaund puts a goblet in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo stares curiously up at Zandria Marschaund.
Zandria grins.
Zandria Marschaund strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs softly.
Lily Kaise removes a thin pole with a dancing yellow feather on the end from a
coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Lily Kaise flickers a thin pole with a dancing yellow feather on the end around
near Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo leaps high into the air trying to catch the
feather.
Zandria Marschaund scrambles to her feet.
Zandria Marschaund lopes southeast.
Lily Kaise flips a thin pole with a dancing yellow feather on the end around
near Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo bites at the feather.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a small Bari-shaped tidbit.
Lily Kaise flicks a thin pole with a dancing yellow feather on the end in the
air around Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo leaps after the feather.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand.
Lily Kaise flickers a thin pole with a dancing yellow feather on the end around
near Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo snatches at the feather.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Lily Kaise puts down a small Bari-shaped tidbit.
Lily Kaise puts a thin pole with a dancing yellow feather on the end away.
Zandria Marschaund lopes in from the southeast.
Zandria Marschaund lopes southeast.
Lily Kaise puts a thin pole with a dancing yellow feather on the end in a coral
pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the hungry big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the hungry big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's
hand.
Lily Kaise shows a small Bari-shaped tidbit to Xavier the hungry big silver
soldier felo.
Zandria Marschaund lopes in from the southwest.
Zandria Marschaund sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Morris Corlew opens a small black leather backpack for a moment.
Morris Corlew puts a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition" in a
small black leather backpack.
Zandria Marschaund removes a copy of "In The Shop" from a black suede handbag
covered with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Lily says to Xavier the hungry big silver soldier felo in a New Earth accent,
"It's ok to eat that treat!"
Zandria Marschaund opens a copy of "In The Shop".
Lily laughs.
Zandria Marschaund laughs.
Xavier the hungry big silver soldier felo seems to be hungry.
Xavier the hungry big silver soldier felo enthusiastically gobbles up a small
Bari-shaped tidbit.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand.
Zandria says to Lily in an Old Earth accent, "He listened."
Akemi says to Xavier the big silver soldier felo in a Japanese accent, "You
should have picked it up, put it on a table, pushed it off the table, and THEN
eaten it."
Zandria grins.
Lily laughs.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
grin xavier
You grin at Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Zandria smiles.
Zandria Marschaund strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs softly.
Lily says to Xavier the big silver soldier felo in a New Earth accent, "You got
a real treat too. I generally won't play with pets in here."
Lily says in a New Earth accent, "Too much chaos."
grin
You grin.
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lillian
Hudson's shoulder.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches out.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Lily says, "It seems we only have 10 or so lTC before we reach 1000
light-years."
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Lily exclaims, "It will be hard for me to sleep!"
Morris gets a distant look on his face as he ponders. "I wonder if the storm
will get us that far."
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Your vision is obscured by a sudden burst of black smoke, which gradually fades
to mist.
You mentally sigh in relief as you return to the starship.
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
The room grows a bit warmer.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Lily Kaise slumps in a rare black EAOSian contoured couch and goes to sleep.
Lily Kaise suddenly awakens.
The room grows a bit more chill.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos' here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Nathaniel Owens is dozing on a black
leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is standing in a stupor. Lillian Hudson,
Lily Kaise, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch. Michael Winters and Morris Corlew are sitting on a black leather
sectional sofa. Akemi Bando is sitting on a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a cream oriental rug.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
Lily smiles at you.
The room grows a bit warmer.
The room grows a bit warmer.
The room grows a bit more chill.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the airlock.
The room grows a bit warmer.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo stares curiously up at Nathaniel Owens.
Morris says, "Whoa wonder if we'll coming out of the storm soon."
The room grows a bit more chill.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
Sakura blinks.
"Remind me to never doze off while leaning against a wall," Sakura says in a
Japanese accent.
Sakura Arakida strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs softly.
Morris says to Sakura, "Welcome to the world of the waking."
The room grows a bit warmer.
Sakura says to Morris in a Japanese accent, "Or something. Think it's better for
me to lay down. Since I'm clearly a wall sleeper."
Sakura waves.
Sakura Arakida strides southeast.
Zandria Marschaund scrambles to her feet.
Zandria Marschaund lopes southeast.
Zandria Marschaund lopes in from the southeast.
Zandria Marschaund waves.
Zandria Marschaund lopes southeast.
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "You guys have a good sleep cycle
Zandria and Sakura."
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "Sleep well Sakura."
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "And Zandria."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "What is the command to turn the signal
on though? I try signal, or carrier, and it just says I'm not receiving one."
[Newbie Help] Keegan Wantz transmits, "HYPERCASTER CARRIER."
[Newbie Help] Cesar Ysidro transmits, "HYPERCAST CARRIER."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Aha."
An orange digital felo game beeps plaintively for food.
The room grows a bit more chill.
Morris sighs.
Morris Corlew presses a button on an orange digital felo game.
An orange digital felo game beeps repeatedly as the felo chases around a tiny
digital ball!
Morris Corlew presses a button on an orange digital felo game.
An orange digital felo game beeps hungrily as the felo rapidly empties its food
bowl.
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lillian
Hudson's shoulder.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo stares curiously up at Akemi Bando.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
The room grows a bit warmer.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
stretch and yawn
You stretch and yawn.
'I should head to bed. Catch you all later.
"I should head to bed," you say in a New Phoenician accent. "Catch you all
later."
Michael says, "To bed with you."
Lillian waves to you.
wave
You wave.
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Morris waves to you. "I'm headed there soon myself I think."
"I want one of those games," Michael says.
Melinda waves to you.
Michael waves to you.
The room grows a bit more chill.
Morris says to Melinda in an Old Earth accent, "The felo game?"
emote smiles and waves to everyone.
Shule smiles and waves to everyone.
se
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, a glossy lavender ceramic felo
chow bowl, and Maggie the hefty indigo feathered felo here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, a
small red plastic box, and a Tardick lizard named Raissa here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
s
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
s
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy seashell pink
ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Jasmin the small red glowing felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, and Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo
here.
You can go north, east, and west.
s
You can't go that way.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, and a pair of light brown
leather boots decorated with silver stars here.
You can go east.
lie bed
You lie down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
remove boots
You're not wearing a pair of light brown leather boots decorated with silver
stars.
i
You are wearing a long-sleeved blue and white shadow-striped cotton shirt and a
pair of slim navy blue linen trousers.
Underneath this, you are wearing a pair of white cotton briefs.
You are also wearing a keychain, a metallic gold touch einrophone in a black
leather phone holster, a gold wrist-mounted chronometer, a metallic silver
metachannel FTL communicator, a solid silver ring engraved with dolphins, and a
black guitar case.
You are concealing a leather briefcase, a golden Feng Wo coin purse, a black
flightbag with a red shooting star on the side, a camera bag, an asteroid
hauling supply kit, a flight control scanner, a large expandable telescoping
xenology container, a black engineering tool case, a thick synthleather
bandolier with large pockets, and a scorched metal thigh holster.
Your head, face, both eyes, neck, both wrists, both hands, and both feet are
left uncovered.
You are carrying a sheet of purple paper in your left hand.
read paper
--
This is a note! I said dammit it's a note!
--
l paper
a sheet of purple paper
This thin sheet of slightly nubby pale purple paper is of standard stationery
size.
This is a letter. It is not addressed. You recognise the handwriting as
belonging to Lily Kaise.
trash paper
You crumple up a sheet of purple paper and throw it in a nearby garbage can.
lie bed
You're already lying down.
Lily Kaise glides in from the east.
Lily Kaise tugs a pair of soft mystic purple slippers off of her feet.
Lily Kaise puts down a pair of soft mystic purple slippers.
Lily Kaise lies down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
hug lily
You hug Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
The room grows a bit warmer.
Lily smiles.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
smile
You smile.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
Lily wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
yawn
You yawn.
The room grows a bit warmer.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Nite."
Lily says, "Love you."
'I love you too.
You say, "I love you too."
'good night.
You say, "Good night."
Lily nods.
smile
You smile.
afk
You blink heavily and then doze off.
Lily Kaise stands up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily Kaise picks up a pair of soft mystic purple slippers.
Lily Kaise tugs a pair of soft mystic purple slippers onto her feet.
Lily Kaise glides east.
The room grows a bit more chill.
The room grows a bit warmer.
The room grows a bit warmer.
For a brief moment, everything seems to be normal.
The mist turns to black smoke that soon drifts away, and you find that the ship
is on a conveyor belt, moving rapidly through a factory.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders in from the east.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo stares curiously up at you.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo stares curiously up at you.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders east.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Nite Mel and Lillian."
Melinda Michaels's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Night."
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Have a good lie down
and stuff."
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Your vision is obscured by a sudden burst of black smoke, which gradually fades
to mist.
You mentally sigh in relief as you return to the starship.
The ship's reactionless drive whirrs loudly as it changes direction rapidly.
You feel an odd shuddering, and a high-pitched hum suddenly begins to emanate
from the reactionless drive.
You feel an odd shuddering, and a high-pitched hum suddenly begins to emanate
from the reactionless drive.
The ship's reactionless drive lets out a sudden whine as the starship
accelerates quickly.
The engineer's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Captain! The engine
can't take any more of this!"
You feel an odd shuddering, and a high-pitched hum suddenly begins to emanate
from the reactionless drive.
The computer announces, "Leaving riftstorm."
The background thrum of the ship's engines turns up an octave as it moves under
emergency boost.
You hear a loud booming sound against the hull.
You hear someone knocking calmly upon the hull.
You hear a loud booming sound against the hull.
A dark shape flits past the viewport.
The ship's reactionless drive whirrs loudly as it changes direction rapidly.
The starship suddenly lurches in a new direction. Something must be wrong with
the inertial dampeners.
The ship's reactionless drive lets out a sudden whine as the starship
accelerates quickly.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders in from the east.
The starship suddenly lurches in a new direction. Something must be wrong with
the inertial dampeners.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo rubs up against a pair of narrow bunks with a
set of cream cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown
satin pillow with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick
gold fringe on it, purring softly.
You hear someone knocking calmly upon the hull.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo stares curiously up at you.
A high warbling alarm suddenly goes off.  Speaking over it, the computer
announces, "Fatal hit received.  Occupants must stand by for emergency
ejection." Your vision goes black for a moment as everything fades into formless
mist.
Mist swirls through the air, coalescing into intricate silken webs that coat
every surface.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders east.
Lily Kaise glides in from the east.
Lily Kaise tugs a pair of soft mystic purple slippers off of her feet.
Lily Kaise puts down a pair of soft mystic purple slippers.
Lily Kaise lies down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
Lily Kaise carefully removes a Tardick lizard named Asteria from her shoulder.
Lily Kaise puts down a Tardick lizard named Asteria.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly
indifferent to its surroundings.
The curtains of silken webbing billow outwards as if blown in a wind that can't
be felt.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly east.
There is a sudden squeak from somewhere inside the starship, cut off with a
crunch and the sound of scuttling legs.
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Silly question. When a ship moves on
manual from one coord to the next, shouldn't the speed be the max instant speed,
or will that only be the speed via autopilot?"
[Newbie Help] Eugene Silverlance transmits, "I really don't know."
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "I think it's the max instantaneous
speed."
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "Oh, it may be the lower between engine or
battery."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Hum. I wonder if it is actually doing
that or not. If I check ETA when I manually move, the speed is not the max
instant speed. But it is max instant when I move auto."
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "Yeah, check your battery speed."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Yeah, it's 5333km/s. Which is my max
instant speed."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "But if I move manually and ETA, the
speed is 2667 km/s."
A cluster of eyes suddenly opens inside the webbing. They stare hungrily through
the window before disappearing.
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "From the get go or after a bit?"
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Checking the whole time, start to
finish."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "When I say move manually, I mean
simply directionly. Like in combat."
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "Understood."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Like, move 8 to move one unit east."
[Newbie Help] Simon Collins transmits, "8 is north though..."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Derp."
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "I know what she meant though."
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Yes. North. It's 3am. I am tired."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly into the area.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria's spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
There is a sudden squeak from somewhere inside the starship, cut off with a
crunch and the sound of scuttling legs.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
The intricate webbing gradually loses cohesion, eventually falling apart into
quickly evaporating smoke.
You mentally sigh in relief as you return to the starship.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly east.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders in from the east.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders east.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
You hear someone knocking calmly upon the hull.
You faintly hear Michael Winters's voice on the external PA saying, "No one's
home!"
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo rubs up against a pair of narrow bunks
with a set of cream cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden
brown satin pillow with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with
thick gold fringe on it, purring softly.
You hear someone kicking furiously against the hull.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly into the area.
You hear someone pounding impatiently upon the hull.
A high warbling alarm suddenly goes off.  Speaking over it, the computer
announces, "Fatal hit received.  Occupants must stand by for emergency
ejection." Your vision goes black for a moment as everything fades into formless
mist.
The swirling mist parts to reveal a gaping mouth! Before you can react, the ship
has plunged into it and into a fleshy pink tunnel.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The pink tunnel enclosing the ship seems to shrink, slowing its progress.
With a loud gurgle, the ship begins picking up speed in its progress through the
tunnel.
The pink tunnel enclosing the ship seems to shrink, slowing its progress.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly east.
With a loud gurgle, the ship begins picking up speed in its progress through the
tunnel.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The pink tunnel enclosing the ship seems to shrink, slowing its progress.
With a loud gurgle, the ship begins picking up speed in its progress through the
tunnel.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
With a loud gurgle, the ship begins picking up speed in its progress through the
tunnel.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The pink tunnel enclosing the ship seems to shrink, slowing its progress.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The pink tunnel enclosing the ship seems to shrink, slowing its progress.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
With a loud gurgle, the ship begins picking up speed in its progress through the
tunnel.
With a loud gurgle, the ship begins picking up speed in its progress through the
tunnel.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The pink tunnel enclosing the ship seems to shrink, slowing its progress.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
With a loud gurgle, the ship begins picking up speed in its progress through the
tunnel.
The tunnel around the ship shudders, contracts, and begins pushing the ship in
the opposite direction.
The starship has entered a unique area of space.
Destroyed alien starships and space stations fill space in this area. Unlike
similar sites, the damage appears to be rather one-sided, with most of the
debris consisting of non-military equipment that is nonetheless rather
battle-scorched.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The formless mists suddenly resolve into a dust-laden wind. After a moment the
dust settles, and one of the horses in front of you lets out a quiet whicker as
the carriage's wheels creak ceaselessly below.
The starship has left a unique area of space.
A metallic gold touch einrophone beeps quietly for attention, indicating a new
post in Local Ship Message Board/We Strive To Live In Peace/General.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
The carriage shakes slightly as the horses pick up their pace.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
The carriage shakes slightly as the horses pick up their pace.
The carriage shakes slightly as the horses pick up their pace.
A metallic gold touch einrophone beeps quietly for attention, indicating a new
post in Local Ship Message Board/We Strive To Live In Peace/General.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo stares curiously up at you.
A small stand of trees passes by on the right of the carriage.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
A single bison studies your passing carriage from the side of the road.
A small stand of trees passes by on the left of the carriage.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
A small stand of trees passes by on the right of the carriage.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo stares curiously up at you.
A sudden cloud of dust is kicked up, obscuring your vision.
You hear a steady, rhythmic sound. The mist clears, and you gaze out through the
window at the passing landscape as the train chugs along.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
A conductor asks you for your ticket. You search your pockets, and when you
finally look up to confess you've lost it, he is gone.
A conductor asks you for your ticket. You search your pockets, and when you
finally look up to confess you've lost it, he is gone.
The train suddenly blows its whistle for no apparent reason.
The train is suddenly diverted onto another track.
The train blows its whistle and steam billows as it slows.
The train is suddenly diverted onto another track.
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
Steam billows from the train's engine, obscuring your vision.
A door flies open in front of you, and you step through into a cramped, heavily
decorated Victorian-era room. Something about this place isn't right.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
Something flashes past a window, too quickly to make out.
The tone of the starship's ever-present hum suddenly changes slightly.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "No one else coming?"
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The walls whip away at high speed, carried into the far distance as the floor
carries on without them. A darkened hoverfreeway rises from below.
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Akemi, stil wanna go
north?"
The hovertruck smoothly negotiates a turn, tilting slightly so you are not
thrown off the trailer.
The hovertruck slows, the highway ahead growing dark.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
A metallic gold touch einrophone beeps quietly for attention, indicating a new
post in Local Ship Message Board/We Strive To Live In Peace/General.
An arc of light much like a meteor draws itself in the sky overhead.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
A single snowglobe zips up to the hovertrailer and circles you once before
continuing on.
An arc of light much like a meteor draws itself in the sky overhead.
The hovertruck turns rapidly and careens off the highway, gliding through the
air before evaporating into the darkness.
The formless shifting void gradually acquires a regular crest and fall until,
after several moments, you suddenly realize you are on a wide expanse of ocean.
Tall wooden masts creak above you, and white canvas sails snap in the breeze.
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
Endless waves ripple off into the distance beyond this wooden ship's railings.
Thick timbers rest underfoot, creaking steadily as the craft bobs up and down.
Large white sails billow overhead, propelling the ship across the sea's surface
at a steady pace. Puffy white clouds float through the sky placidly while a
bright yellow star beats down with merciless heat. Salt spray fills the air
intermittently when the ship crashes through a wave, and the rope rigging creaks
loudly with each gust. A few gulls circle lazily overhead, although no land is
in sight. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of light brown
leather boots decorated with silver stars, and a pair of soft mystic purple
slippers here.
Lily Kaise is dozing on a white four poster rattan bed.
You can go east.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.)
**
 Welcome back to Star Conquest!
**
 Star Conquest takes a lot of money to run. Please consider donating to offset
those costs.
 Type HELP DONATIONS for more information.
**
 TIP: New pilots: Don't forget to talk to your liaison officer! He can give you
a lot of early points and credits!
**
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily.
use phone
Your number: 0010-18113
What would you like to do with your metallic gold touch einrophone?
[1] Dial
[2] Manage Contacts (15/32)
[3] Register on Directory
[4] View Missed Calls (0)
[5] Read Message Boards
[6] Clear Unread Message Board Posts
[7] Space Station Reference
[8] Silence
[9] Nothing
Enter your selection:
5
You navigate your metallic gold touch einrophone to a text-heavy application and
peer at the screen.
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
* [1] General
  [2] AEU
  [3] Organizations
* [4] Local Ship Message Board
* [5] OOC
--
  [6] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
4
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
* [1] We Strive To Live In Peace
--
  [2] Return
  [3] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
1
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
  [1] Announcements
* [2] General
--
  [3] Return
  [4] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
2
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
  [1] Repairs at 13.25 LTC                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [2] Nebular Signature 6466-9001                                               
     (Kim Saunders)
  [3] Pre-Stellar Object 6633-8706                                              
     (Akemi Bando)
  [4] Rift drive repairs                                                        
     (Kim Saunders)
  [5] Rift drive repairs 2                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [6] Rift drive repairs 3                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [7] Rift drive repairs 4                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [8] Don't forget to put things back                                           
     (Akemi Bando)
  [9] More repairs and hopefully out of the storm now                           
     (Kim Saunders)
  [10] Chamber of Dust                                                          
     (Akemi Bando)
  [11] Pre-Stellar Object 8423-3084                                             
     (Kim Saunders)
  [12] Re: Pre-Stellar Object 8423-3084                                         
     (Kim Saunders)
  [13] Rift drive repairs 6                                                     
     (Akemi Bando)
  [14] the final dust                                                           
     (Kim Saunders)
* [15] the final memories                                                       
     (Nathaniel Owens)
* [16] the final memories                                                       
     (Nathaniel Owens)
* [17] rift drive repairs 7                                                     
     (Kim Saunders)
--
  [18] Return
  [19] Post
  [20] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
15
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
Subject: the final memories
Author: Nathaniel Owens
Posted: 08:48  6 June 2316 GST
--
We arived in the final memors. Image was taken, grad 80 and 90 debris. Hold was
full so no need to restock. Torus ndb was at 7 . we set off at about 1JIKE.4AF.
set back on our heading of 45.0, 15.0. ship charge was at 50
--
[1] Next
[2] Previous
[3] Return
[4] Reply
[5] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
1
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
Subject: the final memories
Author: Nathaniel Owens
Posted: 08:55  6 June 2316 GST
--
we went 23.97 ltc on our original heading, then we changed it and traveled
another 4.6 ltc. sorry for forgetting that originally.
--
[1] Next
[2] Previous
[3] Return
[4] Reply
[5] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
1
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
Subject: rift drive repairs 7
Author: Kim Saunders
Posted: 11:35  6 June 2316 GST
--
after having traveled 2.8 ltc from the final memories on a heading of 90 15, we
stopped to repair the rift drive. We traveled 42 ltc between this and the
previous repairs, which is good. the repairs were done quickly.
--
[1] Previous
[2] Return
[3] Reply
[4] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
4
Logged out of FTL Message Board Net.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Morning."
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Or something."
Michael Winters's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Hi."
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oh what ever it is.
A good waking cycle everyone."
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Good waking cycle."
Melinda Michaels's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yo."
[Newbie Help] Wyatt Rose transmits, "I'm not sure if I'm supposed to ask IC, but
what are board posts?"
[Newbie Help] Damien Alexander transmits, "You can read board posts with a
message board reader, which I think is available in the store where you get
communicators."
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
Endless waves ripple off into the distance beyond this wooden ship's railings.
Thick timbers rest underfoot, creaking steadily as the craft bobs up and down.
Large white sails billow overhead, propelling the ship across the sea's surface
at a steady pace. Puffy white clouds float through the sky placidly while a
bright yellow star beats down with merciless heat. Salt spray fills the air
intermittently when the ship crashes through a wave, and the rope rigging creaks
loudly with each gust. A few gulls circle lazily overhead, although no land is
in sight. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of light brown
leather boots decorated with silver stars, and a pair of soft mystic purple
slippers here.
Lily Kaise is dozing on a white four poster rattan bed.
You can go east.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.)
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
The ship's hull creaks as it travels through space, but it sounds like the
creaking of wooden planks rather than of metal hull plates.
A sudden splashing sound draws your attention to a tailfin just now disappearing
beneath the ocean waves.
The ship suddenly rises up a steep wave and then crashes back down as the wind
rises.
The smell of salt and the sounds of the waves slowly begin to fade, until once
more nothing but a formless void surrounds the ship.
The walls whip away at high speed, carried into the far distance as the floor
carries on without them. A darkened hoverfreeway rises from below.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
This is a small room designed to give crew members a place to sleep while on
long journeys, and it isn't large enough to do much else. A long counter is
bolted to the wall opposite the entryway, and two narrow bunks have been bolted
to the two remaining walls. A small keypad is next to the door, controlling a
simple lock. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of light brown
leather boots decorated with silver stars, and a pair of soft mystic purple
slippers here.
Lily Kaise is dozing on a white four poster rattan bed.
You can go east.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.)
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the east.
A hooded, indistinct figure rowing a floating bathtub raises one arm and waves
at you as the truck passes.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches east.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
This is a small room designed to give crew members a place to sleep while on
long journeys, and it isn't large enough to do much else. A long counter is
bolted to the wall opposite the entryway, and two narrow bunks have been bolted
to the two remaining walls. A small keypad is next to the door, controlling a
simple lock. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of light brown
leather boots decorated with silver stars, and a pair of soft mystic purple
slippers here.
Lily Kaise is dozing on a white four poster rattan bed.
You can go east.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.)
An ancient hovercar flashes past, broken down on the side of the highway.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the east.
An arc of light much like a meteor draws itself in the sky overhead.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
-xavier Hey buddy.
You say to Xavier the big silver soldier felo, "Hey buddy."
The hovertruck smoothly negotiates a turn, tilting slightly so you are not
thrown off the trailer.
The hovertruck slows, the highway ahead growing dark.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
The hovertruck takes an exit, merging onto another freeway.
The hovertruck slows, the highway ahead growing dark.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
The hovertruck turns rapidly and careens off the highway, gliding through the
air before evaporating into the darkness.
The curtains open, and countless faceless humanoids stare at you from their
seats.
stand
You stand up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
lie bed
You lie down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
You begin dry heaving.
You inhale deeply and a warm, heavy liquid floods your lungs.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches east.
The heat from the stage light is oppressive.
Lily yawns.
Lily smiles at you.
Lily wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
'Hi cutie.
You say, "Hi cutie."
cuddle lily 
You cuddle up to Lily.
"Hi Handsome!" Lily smiles.
Lily seems to be looking for someone to cuddle with.
Lily laughs.
Lily cuddles up to you.
laugh
You laugh.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
Lily wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
Lily says, "So."
pet xavier
I don't see that here.
"I slept a lot longer than I had intended," Lily says. "Do you know if anything
interesting occurred while I've been or we've been asleep?"
'Ummm, according to the ship's message board... I think rift drive repairs.
"Ummm," you say, "according to the ship's message board... I think rift drive
repairs."
Lily says, "Ah."
use phone
Your number: 0010-18113
What would you like to do with your metallic gold touch einrophone?
[1] Dial
[2] Manage Contacts (15/32)
[3] Register on Directory
[4] View Missed Calls (0)
[5] Read Message Boards
[6] Clear Unread Message Board Posts
[7] Space Station Reference
[8] Silence
[9] Nothing
Enter your selection:
5
You navigate your metallic gold touch einrophone to a text-heavy application and
peer at the screen.
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
* [1] General
  [2] AEU
  [3] Organizations
  [4] Local Ship Message Board
* [5] OOC
--
  [6] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
4
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
  [1] We Strive To Live In Peace
--
  [2] Return
  [3] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
1
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
  [1] Announcements
  [2] General
--
  [3] Return
  [4] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
2
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
  [1] Repairs at 13.25 LTC                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [2] Nebular Signature 6466-9001                                               
     (Kim Saunders)
  [3] Pre-Stellar Object 6633-8706                                              
     (Akemi Bando)
  [4] Rift drive repairs                                                        
     (Kim Saunders)
  [5] Rift drive repairs 2                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [6] Rift drive repairs 3                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [7] Rift drive repairs 4                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [8] Don't forget to put things back                                           
     (Akemi Bando)
  [9] More repairs and hopefully out of the storm now                           
     (Kim Saunders)
  [10] Chamber of Dust                                                          
     (Akemi Bando)
  [11] Pre-Stellar Object 8423-3084                                             
     (Kim Saunders)
  [12] Re: Pre-Stellar Object 8423-3084                                         
     (Kim Saunders)
  [13] Rift drive repairs 6                                                     
     (Akemi Bando)
  [14] the final dust                                                           
     (Kim Saunders)
  [15] the final memories                                                       
     (Nathaniel Owens)
  [16] the final memories                                                       
     (Nathaniel Owens)
  [17] rift drive repairs 7                                                     
     (Kim Saunders)
--
  [18] Return
  [19] Post
  [20] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
Lily Kaise navigates her metallic gold touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
n
Invalid selection.
'Oh, and the Final Memories.
"Oh, and the Final Memories," you say in a New Phoenician accent.
Lily says in a New Earth accent, "Ugh Nathaniel."
"He writes like he is illiterate," Lily says.
'Yeah, not the best writing.
You say, "Yeah, not the best writing."
"Oh I couldn't believe how rude Lillian was yesterday," Lily says.
'I was a bit dozey and didn't catch all of what happened.
The stage lights flicker briefly.
"I was a bit dozey and didn't catch all of what happened," you say.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
You open your mouth to speak a line, but only a wet gurgle comes out.
'But it did seem like some people weren't happy with her.
You say, "But it did seem like some people weren't happy with her."
The heat from the stage light is oppressive.
"Even though the rules state not to use the QE unless it was for important
business, she did so anyway and then she and Melinda kept up the note passing
stuff," Lily says. "I just handed you one because I was being silly but I had no
intentions of keeping it up."
'Oh, yeah. I know. The rules were pretty clear about the use of the QE and I
have no idea what was up with all the note passing.
"Oh, yeah," you say. "I know. The rules were pretty clear about the use of the
QE and I have no idea what was up with all the note passing."
Lily nods.
Lily says, "It's really rude to do that."
nod
You nod.
'And before that didn't Michael or someone ping?
You ask, "And before that didn't Michael or someone ping?"
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the east.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
smile xavier
You look at Xavier the big silver soldier felo and smile.
"Seriously," says Lily, "if I have anything to tell you in private, I'm going to
ask you if you could come talk with me or let's take a break or something."
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand.
nod lily
You nod to Lily.
Lily says, "I'd hope you'd do same."
nod 'Of course.
You nod. "Of course."
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily says, "The Winters decides to ping."
Lily says, "Then."
nod
You nod.
'I did catch that. So dangerous!
"I did catch that," you say. "So dangerous!"
'And I'm sure this is not a cheap ship.
You say, "And I'm sure this is not a cheap ship."
'This is one of the problems with new pilots on an expedition like this. They
sometimes don't know what's dangerous and what's not.
"This is one of the problems with new pilots on an expedition like this," you
say. "They sometimes don't know what's dangerous and what's not."
"Anyway even though rules were posted," says Lily, "I think it's best to brief
everyone when everyone is first on boardor at least whenthe initial letters are
sent out, appraise them of the rules and state that if they don't feel that they
can support them, that they have the option to withdraw from the crew list."
nod 'Yeah, that's a good idea.
You nod. "Yeah, that's a good idea."
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
"For me," says Lily, "pinging is extremely serious and if anyone does it even
once on any expedition I might run, I doubt that I would give them a second
chance but send them back in an escape pod if I have a ship aboard which is
capable."
nod lily
You nod to Lily.
"Anyway," says Lily, "Winters is a fairly new pilot but you also don't do
anything if you don't know how, asking questions is what one needs to do to
avoid dire consequences."
"All right I've vented!" exclaims Lily.
Lily grins.
grin 'It's ok.
You grin. "It's ok."
Lily wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
hug lily
You hug Lily.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
Lily gently rubs your back.
'I want to lead an expedition someday so I'm kind of watching  and taking notes.
You say, "I want to lead an expedition someday so I'm kind of watching and
taking notes."
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "How are you this waking cycle?"
Lily smiles.
smile 'i'm doing well.
You smile. "I'm doing well."
'How about you?
"How about you?" you ask.
You scratch at your arm, and a perfectly rectangular sheet of skin peels off.
: glances down at his arm, "Ugh".
Shule glances down at his arm, "Ugh".
Lily looks down at her arm with relief! and says 'oh I'm fine!
Lily laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily stretches.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
kiss lily on neck
You kiss Lily Kaise softly on the neck.
Lily smiles at you.
You gag slightly.
You hear a wet tearing sound.
Lily exclaims, "Ok I suppose it's time to go face this day!"
grin
You grin.
"Or er the rest of it," Lily says.
Lily laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
sit bed
You sit up onto a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "I love you."
-lily I love you too.
You say to Lily, "I love you too."
Lily smiles.
Lily Kaise sits up onto a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
You look down at your watch, but you find that you cannot comprehend the concept
of time.
'Kiska hi
You say, "Kiska hi."
Lily squeezes you affectionately.
squeeze lil
You squeeze Lily affectionately.
take work
You remove Shule Elemmire's workbench from a leather briefcase.
Lily Kaise opens a compact red refrigerator and the light inside clicks on.
l refrig
a compact red refrigerator
This compact red refrigerator is made tall and narrow to fit into the often
cramped spaces aboard a starship or space station. Because of its excellent
insulation, food and drink stored in it will not spoil.
It is open.
Inside it you see a day old basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa, a day
old perfect square of tiramisu, a day old perfect square of tiramisu, a day old
slice of chocolate cream pie, a day old slice of chocolate cream pie, a day old
sausage and roasted pepper pizza, a day old Pinwheel pizza, a day old New
Phoenician pizza, a day old order of breadsticks, a day old order of
breadsticks, a day old frosty mug full of root beer, a day old frosty mug full
of root beer, a day old frosty mug full of root beer, a day old frosty mug full
of root beer, a day old frosty mug full of root beer, a day old tall glass of
iced chai, a day old tall glass of iced chai, and a day old tall glass of
sweetened iced tea.
Lily Kaise opens a clear plastic food storage container and the light inside
clicks on.
Lily Kaise removes a day old large wedge of coffee cake topped with apple
streusel from a clear plastic food storage container.
close refrig
You close a compact red refrigerator.
Lily Kaise gives you a day old large wedge of coffee cake topped with apple
streusel.
lgrin
I don't understand that.
grin
You grin.
eat coffee
You take a bite of a day old large wedge of coffee cake topped with apple
streusel.
Lily Kaise removes a cup of hot French vanilla coffee from a clear plastic food
storage container.
put work in briefcase
You put Shule Elemmire's workbench in a leather briefcase.
Lily Kaise gives you a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
eat coffee
You can't eat a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
smile lily 'Thanks babe.
You smile at Lily. "Thanks babe."
drink coffee
You take a sip of a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise removes a day old  Danish filled with vanilla custard and topped with
sweet white icing and flaked almonds from a clear plastic food storage
container.
eat cake
You take a bite of a day old large wedge of coffee cake topped with apple
streusel.
Lily Kaise removes a cup of hot French vanilla coffee from a clear plastic food
storage container.
"Sure... enjoy!" Lily smiles at you.
eat cake
You take a bite of a day old large wedge of coffee cake topped with apple
streusel.
eat cake
You take a bite of a day old large wedge of coffee cake topped with apple
streusel.
Lily Kaise closes a clear plastic food storage container.
eat cake
You finish off a day old large wedge of coffee cake topped with apple streusel.
drink coffee
You take a sip of a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a day old  Danish filled with vanilla custard and
topped with sweet white icing and flaked almonds.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a day old  Danish filled with vanilla custard and
topped with sweet white icing and flaked almonds.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You hear a wet tearing sound.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
drink coffee
You take a sip of a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
drink coffee
You take a sip of a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
drink coffee
You finish off a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
"On Centauri, there is a coffee shop right at the corner of ST," Lily says.
"Jude andWaters that has this coffee and such."
You double over in pain, it feels as if it is going to break free at any moment!
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
The stage lights flicker briefly.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a day old  Danish filled with vanilla custard and
topped with sweet white icing and flaked almonds.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
'oh, ok. I need to go explore Centauri more.
"Oh, ok," you say. "I need to go explore Centauri more."
Lily nods.
pet cindy
You stroke the soft fur of Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo purrs softly.
The room begins spinning around you.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo purrs softly.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a day old  Danish filled with vanilla custard and
topped with sweet white icing and flaked almonds.
You open your mouth to speak a line, but only a wet gurgle comes out.
Lily Kaise finishes off a day old  Danish filled with vanilla custard and topped
with sweet white icing and flaked almonds.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise finishes off a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise puts a cup in a small white trash can.
put cup in trash
You put a cup in a small white trash can.
You open your mouth to speak a line, but only a wet gurgle comes out.
"Ok I need to get a shower," Lily says. "Then I'll go on up to the Control
Room."
Lily Kaise kisses you.
'ok, I'm goign to put Kiska to work and then a shower and the control room.
"Ok," you say, "I'm goign to put Kiska to work and then a shower and the control
room."
chuckle kiska
You chuckle at Kiska the humanoid service robot.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You double over in pain, it feels as if it is going to break free at any moment!
Lily says, "Okchuckle."
Lily chuckles.
take work
Lily Kaise stands up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
You remove Shule Elemmire's workbench from a leather briefcase.
l work
This workbench's supplies include aerogel block: 7, alien maintenance tools: 12,
antigravity emitter: 9, articulated robotic hand: 42, capacitor: 2864,
chemiluminesent: 4, circuit board: 297, electromagnetic nozzle: 1, electronic
interrupt: 2, enclosed negmatter sphere: 6, force multiplier: 48, glyph energy
source: 314, glyph replicator: 243, handful of metal bolts: 25, handful of metal
scales: 10, handful of metal screws: 25, helmet assembly: 5, hoverbot chassis:
1, hydraulic fluid ampoule: 704, hydraulic piston: 1030, instasteel caulk: 5,
instamold plastic brick: 11, large battery: 8, liquid crystal ampoule: 155, long
metal tube: 50, medium metal frame: 7, medium battery: 5, medium metal chassis:
101, metal gripper: 817, metal cylinder: 452, metal arm: 6, metal thread: 100,
metal ingot: 38458, miniaturized computer chip: 1222, nylon thread: 100, nysteel
fabric: 1, nysteel thread: 10, plastic panel: 50, plastic bead: 7814, quantum
attunement pod: 15, RATS quicksynth: 34, RATS nanite capacitor: 36, signal
amplifier: 49, small battery: 1, small metal chassis: 100, small plastic
chassis: 25, small plastic board: 100, spread-spectrum metafrequency transmitter
module: 1, standard acid mixture: 7, superconducting webbing: 14,
superconducting thread: 16, superacid mixture: 109, tiny plastic chassis: 9,
transistor: 2952, transparisteel plate: 63, wiring: 10027, wormhole sensor: 31,
wormhole drive core: 365, and wormhole microprocessor module: 27.
It has Basic Space Preparedness, Basic Communications, Basic Starship
Furnishings, Basic Circuitry, Logic Systems, Basic Metal Fabrication, Metal
Starship Decorations, Basic Metalwork, Advanced Metal Fabrication, Advanced
Metalwork, Advanced Starship Furnishings, Starship Enhancement Modules, Advanced
Communications, Advanced Space Preparedness, Advanced Circuitry, Basic
Engineering Technique, Basic Chemical Etching, Basic Chemical Synthesis,
Advanced Chemical Etching, Advanced Chemical Synthesis, Expert Metalwork, Expert
Communications, Expert Circuitry, Basic Plastic Molds, Expert Plastic Molds,
Basic Synthetic Fibers, Advanced Synthetic Fibers, Advanced Plastic Molds,
Expert Synthetic Fibers, Starship Decals, Basic Sonics, Advanced Sonics, Expert
Sonics, Advanced Engineering Technique, Expert Engineering Technique,
Augmentation Technique, Basic Space Assault, Expert Space Assault, and Advanced
Space Assault installed.
It has blueprints for salvaged temporary wormhole drive, hatch repair kit,
wormhole drive tracer, charge booster, dual band metafrequency transmitter
tuner, spread-spectrum metafrequency transmitter module, basic einrophone memory
expansion, solid pilot's crib, nylon sleeping harness, storage netting, nylon
relaxation hammock, circuit board, small battery, stun cartridge, low-quality
fractal tuner, motion sensor, makeshift standard sensor array, makeshift
extradimensional sensor array, handful of metal bolts, handful of metal screws,
metal thread, small metal tube, curiously moulded widget, small metal pole,
small metal spike, large metal spike, set of small metal spikes, small
decorative chain, spiky decorative chain, length of barbed wire, metal spoiler,
tailfin, satellite dish, antenna, metal grille, exhaust vent, metal table, metal
container, small metal chassis, small metal frame, handful of metal scales,
small metal plate, medium metal plate, long metal tube, helmet assembly, metal
plate, metal sphere, medium metal chassis, medium metal frame, nylon-netted
chair, transparisteel storage case, vacuum-hardened transparisteel storage case,
reinforced optics unit, enhanced starship gaseous exchange pump unit, starship
timekeeping display, triple band metafrequency transmitter tuner, improved
einrophone memory expansion, improved temporary wormhole drive, sonic ship
cleanliness enforcer, hyperspanner, manual zero-point energy receptacle charger,
medium battery, aquarium light, aquarium bubbler, basic quickpatch, basic battle
restoration, basic energy dump, basic battle recharge, etched plastic board,
cheap plastic plaque, steel plaque, space-age epoxy, instasteel caulk, nylon
thread, instamold plastic brick, standard acid mixture, instaetch compound,
plasteel plaque, transparisteel plaque, nysteel thread, plasteel plate,
transparisteel plate, transparisteel sphere, superacid mixture, aerogel block,
chemiluminesent, large metal chassis, large metal frame, quadruple band
metafrequency transmitter tuner, advanced einrophone memory expansion, large
battery, tiny plastic chassis, small plastic chassis, handgun assembly, small
plastic board, pair of plastic testicles, small plastic tube, small fishbowl,
small aquarium, large plastic chassis, hand cannon assembly, sample container,
large aquarium, small nylon strap, medium nylon strap, nylon fabric, large nylon
strap, reinforced nylon fiber, medium plastic chassis, rifle assembly, plastic
panel, stun turret assembly, medium aquarium, nysteel fabric, small nysteel
strap, medium nysteel strap, large nysteel strap, racing stripe, gout of flames,
EAOS logo, AEU logo, League logo, Fringe logo, Mutuality logo, stylized Jinu
decal, stylized heart pierced by a dagger decal, stylized kitten decal, stylized
apparently dead Outsider decal, stylized rocketship decal, stylized planet
decal, stylized torus decal, stylized bomb decal, gigantically oversized pair of
sunglasses, small sonic emitter, sonic disruption calculation unit, low-quality
small sonic emitter, medium sonic emitter, low-quality medium sonic emitter,
hypersonic transducer, large sonic emitter, low-quality large sonic emitter,
advanced quickpatch, advanced battle restoration, advanced energy dump, advanced
battle recharge, expert quickpatch, expert battle restoration, expert energy
dump, expert battle recharge, hatch cracker, scorched metal thigh holster,
battered metal chest holster, wrist-mounted chronometer, gleaming set of
handcuffs, pitted set of handcuffs, hardened hatch cracker, battered set of
mercenary's manacles, improved hatch cracker, stun trap, set of nysteel-reinforc
ed bounty hunter's restraints, vibro-baton, basic damage output boost, force
amplifier, electromagnetic nozzle, portable battlesuit refurbishment tool,
chaingun resistance boost, expert damage output boost, advanced engineering
technique toolset, and improved engineering technique toolset.
You see an antenna, an antenna, an antenna, an antenna, a humanoid service robot
blueprint, and an antenna on top of it.
Type LIST WORKBENCH to see what you can make, and USE WORKBENCH to make things.
Lily Kaise glides east.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo rubs up against Cindy the small red
sabre-toothed felo, and both animals purr softly.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
The stage lights flicker briefly.
The room begins spinning around you.
The heat from the stage light is oppressive.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
The stage lights flicker briefly.
drop work
You put down Shule Elemmire's workbench.
'Kiska craft 43 medium metal frame.
You say, "Kiska craft 43 medium metal frame."
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of eight.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
take boots
You pick up a pair of light brown leather boots decorated with silver stars.
e
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, and a
glossy sea green ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, and west.
peer shower
You peer into the shower...
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Shower]
This is a very tiny shower. There is no shower head as such, but instead a small
sprayer attached to a hose coming out of the wall, which would work to some
effect even in zero gravity. A thick plastic sheet allows the shower to be
completely sealed off from the outside, with air pumped in overhead and several
grates capturing water to be returned to the ship's recycling system. Lights
overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the windows,
you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a yellow plastic shower caddy and a small yellow shower mat here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, Xavier the big silver soldier felo, Cindy the small red
sabre-toothed felo, and Shule Elemmire's workbench here.
You can go east.
The heat from the stage light is oppressive.
You begin dry heaving.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of nine.
You begin dry heaving.
The heat from the stage light is oppressive.
You begin dry heaving.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of ten.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches east.
You look down at your watch, but you find that you cannot comprehend the concept
of time.
You begin dry heaving.
You inhale deeply and a warm, heavy liquid floods your lungs.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of eleven.
You double over in pain, it feels as if it is going to break free at any moment!
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of twelve.
e
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, and Xavier the big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, and west.
peer shower
You peer into the shower...
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Shower]
This is a very tiny shower. There is no shower head as such, but instead a small
sprayer attached to a hose coming out of the wall, which would work to some
effect even in zero gravity. A thick plastic sheet allows the shower to be
completely sealed off from the outside, with air pumped in overhead and several
grates capturing water to be returned to the ship's recycling system. Lights
overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the windows,
you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a yellow plastic shower caddy, a small yellow shower mat, and a clump of
pale honey blonde hair here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo, and Shule Elemmire's
workbench here.
You can go east.
The room begins spinning around you.
The heat from the stage light is oppressive.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of thirteen.
The room begins spinning around you.
The stage lights flicker briefly.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of fourteen.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
You look down at your watch, but you find that you cannot comprehend the concept
of time.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of fifteen.
You begin dry heaving.
Lily Kaise glides in from the east.
Lily Kaise puts a clump of pale honey blonde hair in a small white trash can.
You gag slightly.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
You begin dry heaving.
The stage lights flicker briefly.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of sixteen.
You begin dry heaving.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok i'm going to walk through and look at
my fish tanks and then up to the control room."
Lily smiles and waves.
'ok
You say in a New Phoenician accent, "Ok."
wave
You wave.
The room begins spinning around you.
Lily Kaise glides east.
smile lily
I don't see that here.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of seventeen.
You look down at your watch, but you find that you cannot comprehend the concept
of time.
The room begins spinning around you.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of eighteen.
e
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, and Xavier the big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, and west.
e
That living quarters is locked.
go shower
The heat from the stage light is oppressive.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Shower]
You see a yellow plastic shower caddy and a small yellow shower mat here.
You can go out.
remove suitcase
You can't remove a small suitcase.
take suitcase
You remove a small suitcase from a leather briefcase.
undress into suitcase
You remove all of your clothing, placing it carefully in a small suitcase.
drop suitcase
You put down a small suitcase.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You inhale deeply and a warm, heavy liquid floods your lungs.
take black vinyl
You remove a small black vinyl case from a leather briefcase.
start
You push a small button, starting the shower. Hot water begins to pour over your
skin. You feel cleaner already.
open vinyl
You open a small black vinyl case.
Hot, steaming water continues to bathe every inch of your skin, cleansing you as
it invigorates your senses.
take green soap
You need a free hand to take that.
i
You are wearing nothing.
You are also wearing a keychain, a gold wrist-mounted chronometer, a metallic
silver metachannel FTL communicator, and a solid silver ring engraved with
dolphins.
You are concealing a leather briefcase, a golden Feng Wo coin purse, a black
flightbag with a red shooting star on the side, a camera bag, an asteroid
hauling supply kit, a flight control scanner, a large expandable telescoping
xenology container, a black engineering tool case, a thick synthleather
bandolier with large pockets, a scorched metal thigh holster, a metallic gold
touch einrophone, and a black guitar case.
Your head, face, both eyes, neck, both shoulders, chest, back, both biceps, both
elbows, abdomen, both forearms, both wrists, both hands, waist, both hips,
groin, both thighs, both knees, both calves, both ankles, and both feet are left
uncovered.
You are carrying a pair of light brown leather boots decorated with silver stars
in your right hand, and a small black vinyl case in your left hand.
put boots in suitcase
You put a pair of light brown leather boots decorated with silver stars in a
small suitcase.
take green soap
You remove a bar of clean-smelling light green soap from a small black vinyl
case.
use soap
You carefully wash your body with a bar of clean-smelling light green soap.
put soap in vinyl
You put a bar of clean-smelling light green soap in a small black vinyl case.
You double over in pain, it feels as if it is going to break free at any moment!
stop
You push a small button, turning the shower off. You stand, dripping, completely
relaxed. Steam floats lazily in the enclosed space.
take over sized
take over sized
take over sized
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Shower]
This is a very tiny shower. There is no shower head as such, but instead a small
sprayer attached to a hose coming out of the wall, which would work to some
effect even in zero gravity. A thick plastic sheet allows the shower to be
completely sealed off from the outside, with air pumped in overhead and several
grates capturing water to be returned to the ship's recycling system. Lights
overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the windows,
you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a yellow plastic shower caddy, a small yellow shower mat, and a small
suitcase here.
You can go out.
You inhale deeply and a warm, heavy liquid floods your lungs.
The room begins spinning around you.
take over sized
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Shower]
This is a very tiny shower. There is no shower head as such, but instead a small
sprayer attached to a hose coming out of the wall, which would work to some
effect even in zero gravity. A thick plastic sheet allows the shower to be
completely sealed off from the outside, with air pumped in overhead and several
grates capturing water to be returned to the ship's recycling system. Lights
overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the windows,
you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a yellow plastic shower caddy, a small yellow shower mat, and a small
suitcase here.
You can go out.
take over size
take towel
You remove a brown beach towel from a small black vinyl case.
put towel in vinyl
You put a brown beach towel in a small black vinyl case.
You begin dry heaving.
You hear a wet tearing sound.
take towel
You remove a soft white hand towel from a small black vinyl case.
put towel in vinyl
You put a soft white hand towel in a small black vinyl case.
take towel
You remove an oversized white towel from a small black vinyl case.
dry me with towel
You dry yourself off with an oversized white towel.
put towel in vinyl
You put an oversized white towel in a small black vinyl case.
take briefs
You remove a pair of white cotton briefs from a small suitcase.
wear briefs
You slide a pair of white cotton briefs on.
take trousers
You remove a pair of slim black linen trousers from a small suitcase.
wear trousers
You pull a pair of slim black linen trousers on over your legs.
take shirt
You remove a short-sleeved blue and white shadow-striped cotton shirt from a
small suitcase.
wear shirt
You put on a short-sleeved blue and white shadow-striped cotton shirt.
take sneakers
You remove a pair of gray canvas sneakers from a small suitcase.
wear sneakers
You pull a pair of gray canvas sneakers onto your feet.
close suitcase
You close a small suitcase.
You look down at your watch, but you find that you cannot comprehend the concept
of time.
put suitcase in briefcase
You pick up a small suitcase.
You put a small suitcase in a leather briefcase.
close vinyl
You close a small black vinyl case.
put vinyl in briefcase
You put a small black vinyl case in a leather briefcase.
out
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, Xavier the big silver soldier felo, and Cindy
the small red sabre-toothed felo here.
You can go north, east, and west.
l me
Shule Elemmire
He appears to be 26 years old. He is about six feet and two inches tall and has
olive skin. His body is athletic with muscled hips and strong calves. He has
average-sized shoulders and a wide chest. His face is average-shaped and
handsome, with a broad nose and strong chin. His lips are thin and tan and
occasionally part to reveal a set of fairly white teeth. Beneath a set of arched
eyebrows, his eyes are blue-grey and round. His ear-length, straight hair is
blonde and neatly trimmed over the ears and parted on the side. He has large
brownish fingernails.
He is wearing a short-sleeved blue and white shadow-striped cotton shirt, a pair
of slim black linen trousers, and a pair of gray canvas sneakers.
He is also wearing a keychain, a metallic gold touch einrophone in a black
leather phone holster, a gold wrist-mounted chronometer, a metallic silver
metachannel FTL communicator, a solid silver ring engraved with dolphins, and a
black guitar case.
His head, face, both eyes, neck, both elbows, both forearms, both wrists, and
both hands are left uncovered.
He is carrying nothing.
The curtains close, to no applause.
A door flies open in front of you, and you step through into a cramped, heavily
decorated Victorian-era room. Something about this place isn't right.
l small aquarium
a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium containing onyx and black
aquatic life and multicolored round rocks
This is a tank for holding critters!
It is filled with water.
It is closed.
Inside it you see a small plastic statue of Benjamin Masterson.
It appears that there are ample food particles in the water.
A long eel-like creature with dark violet bioluminescence, a long eel-like
creature with ultraviolet bioluminescence, a long eel-like creature with
ultraviolet bioluminescence, and a long eel-like creature with dim
bioluminescence are living in it.
That's four creatures, and the tank could probably safely hold one more.
l second small
a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium containing onyx and black
aquatic life and multicolored round rocks
This is a tank for holding critters!
It is filled with water.
It is closed.
Inside it you see a small plastic statue of Benjamin Masterson.
It appears that there are ample food particles in the water.
A long eel-like creature with dark violet bioluminescence, a long eel-like
creature with ultraviolet bioluminescence, a long eel-like creature with
ultraviolet bioluminescence, and a long eel-like creature with dim
bioluminescence are living in it.
That's four creatures, and the tank could probably safely hold one more.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Jasmin the small red glowing felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
l samll aquarium
I see no "samll aquarium" here.
You venture through a side door.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
l small aquarium
I see no "small aquarium" here.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy seashell pink
ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
l small aquarium
a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing blue and crimson aquatic life and
round rocks
This is a tank for holding critters!
It is filled with water.
It is closed.
Inside it you see a black plastic undersea castle and a small plastic statue of
a bikini-clad mermaid.
It appears that there are ample food particles in the water.
A tiny startlingly humanoid creature with crimson skin and violet round wings
and a tiny startlingly humanoid creature with blue skin and violet split wings
are living in it.
That's two creatures, and the tank could probably safely hold three more.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and a
small red plastic box here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
l large aquarium
a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and violet aquatic
life and round rocks
This is a tank for holding critters!
It is filled with water.
It is closed.
Inside it you see a white plastic undersea castle, a plastic wrecked AEU
Soothsayer, a light blue egg, a light blue egg, a light blue egg, a light blue
egg, a light blue egg, a light blue egg, and a light blue egg.
It appears that there are ample food particles in the water.
A short violet soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles, a small
sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with pentagonal fins, a small sleek
speckled violet aquatic creature with rounded fins, a large sleek speckled amber
aquatic creature with fan-like fins, a small sleek speckled amber aquatic
creature with fan-like fins, a large sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with
rounded fins, a small sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with pentagonal
fins, a small sleek speckled violet aquatic creature with frilled fins, a large
sleek speckled violet aquatic creature with fan-like fins, a large sleek
speckled amber aquatic creature with fan-like fins, a small sleek speckled amber
aquatic creature with rounded fins, a small sleek speckled violet aquatic
creature with frilled fins, a small sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with
fan-like fins, a large sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with rounded fins,
and a small sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with pentagonal fins are
living in it.
That's fifteen creatures, and it looks pretty crowded.
open aquarium
You open a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and violet
aquatic life and round rocks.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
take egg from briefcase
You remove an efficient round egg storage container from a leather briefcase.
close egg
An efficient round egg storage container is already closed.
take egg from aquarium;put second egg in egg container
You remove a light blue egg from a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium
containing amber and violet aquatic life and round rocks.
I see no "egg container" here.
put egg in second egg
You can't put an efficient round egg storage container in a light blue egg.
put second egg in egg
You open an efficient round egg storage container for a moment.
You put a light blue egg in an efficient round egg storage container.
take egg from aquarium;put second egg in egg
You remove a light blue egg from a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium
containing amber and violet aquatic life and round rocks.
You open an efficient round egg storage container for a moment.
You put a light blue egg in an efficient round egg storage container.
take egg from aquarium;put second egg in egg
You remove a light blue egg from a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium
containing amber and violet aquatic life and round rocks.
You open an efficient round egg storage container for a moment.
You put a light blue egg in an efficient round egg storage container.
take egg from aquarium;put second egg in egg
You remove a light blue egg from a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium
containing amber and violet aquatic life and round rocks.
You put a light blue egg in an efficient round egg storage container.
take egg from aquarium;put second egg in egg
You remove a light blue egg from a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium
containing amber and violet aquatic life and round rocks.
You open an efficient round egg storage container for a moment.
You put a light blue egg in an efficient round egg storage container.
take egg from aquarium;put second egg in egg
You remove a light blue egg from a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium
containing amber and violet aquatic life and round rocks.
You put a light blue egg in an efficient round egg storage container.
take egg from aquarium;put second egg in egg
You remove a light blue egg from a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium
containing amber and violet aquatic life and round rocks.
You open an efficient round egg storage container for a moment.
You put a light blue egg in an efficient round egg storage container.
take egg from aquarium;put second egg in egg
I see no "egg" in a large aquarium.
You can't put an efficient round egg storage container in an efficient round egg
storage container.
close aquarium
You close a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and violet
aquatic life and round rocks.
put egg in briefcase
You put an efficient round egg storage container in a leather briefcase.
close briefcase
You close a leather briefcase.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
s
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy seashell pink
ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Jasmin the small red glowing felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, Xavier the big silver soldier felo, and Cindy
the small red sabre-toothed felo here.
You can go north, east, and west.
You can't go that way.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, and Shule Elemmire's workbench here.
You can go east.
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into a medium metal
frame.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds a medium metal frame to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of twenty-seven.
e
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, Xavier the big silver soldier felo, and Cindy
the small red sabre-toothed felo here.
You can go north, east, and west.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
n
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Jasmin the small red glowing felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy seashell pink
ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and a
small red plastic box here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, and a Tardick
lizard named Raissa here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, Peaches the little white
CatBot, a clear plastic food storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled
'Space Imager Photos' here.
Simon Collins is sleeping on a black leather sectional sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison and
Michael Winters are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando
is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Nathaniel Owens and Kim Saunders are
sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Sakura Arakida is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a dark yellow leather captain's
chair. Morris Corlew, Lillian Hudson, and Melinda Michaels are standing here.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
Morris waves to you.
Kim waves to you.
wave and smile
You wave and smile.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Sakura waves to you.
Zandria waves to Shule before checking the instruments.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Pre-Stellar Object 2114-9398 about 357.53 light-cycles toward
Galactic Northnortheast and Slightly Up.
Melinda Michaels takes a sip of a cup of hot Colombian coffee with cream.
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 70.0, 30.0.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
Morris gets a distant look on his face as he ponders. "I wondered if it would
shift a little like that."
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
Zandria Marschaund removes a day old large slice of cinnamon crumb coffee cake
from a clear plastic food storage container.
Zandria Marschaund takes a bite of a day old large slice of cinnamon crumb
coffee cake.
Zandria Marschaund takes a bite of a day old large slice of cinnamon crumb
coffee cake.
Zandria Marschaund takes a bite of a day old large slice of cinnamon crumb
coffee cake.
"The closer we get, the more often you need to check the location," Lillian
says. "Like, every couple of seconds."
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 180.0, 30.0.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 110.0, 70.0.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
Melinda says, "Maybe trim and get things sorted."
Sakura says to Zandria, "Try cutting your trim to like 50."
Zandria Marschaund turns a small dial on the rift drive control board, trimming
the riftsail to 50%.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 350.0,
-10.0.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
Sakura says, "Damn circling."
Sakura grins.
Zandria says, "Fuck."
Kim says to Zandria, "Trim to 1 and then take your time for your heading."
Zandria Marschaund turns a small dial on the rift drive control board, trimming
the riftsail to 1%.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 70.0, 30.0.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Pre-Stellar Object 2114-9398 about 92.11 light-cycles toward
Galactic Down and Slightly Southsouthwest.
Melinda says, "Down."
Kim says, "Down and south southwest."
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 350.0,
-10.0.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
Sakura Arakida removes a small sparkly pale pink portfolio from a dark gold
canvas League gear bag.
Zandria says, "There."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Pre-Stellar Object 2114-9398 about 92.03 light-cycles toward
Galactic Down and Slightly Southwest.
Sakura Arakida opens a small sparkly pale pink portfolio.
"Something like that," says Zandria.
Kim says to Zandria, "No, actually not."
Zandria says, "Naturally."
Zandria smirks.
Sakura Arakida puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Sakura Arakida removes a sheet of blue paper from a small sparkly pale pink
portfolio.
Sakura Arakida puts a sheet of blue paper in a small sparkly pale pink
portfolio.
Sakura Arakida removes a sheet of purple paper from a small sparkly pale pink
portfolio.
Sakura Arakida gives a sheet of purple paper to Zandria Marschaund.
Kim says to Zandria, "Shall we try and work it out together?"
Sakura says to Zandria, "Direction refrence."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Pre-Stellar Object 2114-9398 about 91.66 light-cycles toward
Galactic Down and Slightly Southwest.
"We are well above it," says Akemi, "so you want your elevation part of the
heading to be in the negative 80 to negative 90 range."
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 213.0,
-10.0.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
"Ok, Southwest, do you know what heading that is?" Kim smiles at Zandria.
"There," says Zandria. "Maybe that's it."
Zandria says, "I just had to find it."
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise waves.
Sakura says to Zandria, "You still want to go more down..."
Sakura grins.
wave and smile lily
You wave and smile at Lily.
Lily waves and smiles at you.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
sit couch
You're already sitting.
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 213.0,
-50.0.
"Let's try this," says Zandria.
Zandria Marschaund takes a bite of a day old large slice of cinnamon crumb
coffee cake.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
rift loc
Kim says to Zandria, "Where does your ship say you are going?"
Sakura says to Zandria, "You want your primary heading to be down, and slightly
the other, so keep your first number the same, but try -80.0."
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Pre-Stellar Object 2114-9398 about 86.65 light-cycles toward
Galactic Down and Slightly Westsouthwest.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      1%
Ship's Speed:       47 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic Westsouthwest and Down (213.0, -50.0)
Riftflow:           5718 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic
Northnortheast and Slightly Up
Forecast:           Within the next 0.500, the riftflow is predicted to remain
the same intensity, but turn towards Galactic North and Slightly Up.
Time in Riftflow:   0.OO0
Distance Traveled:  4.02 light-trade cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
Zandria Marschaund quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
You venture through a side door.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 213.0,
-80.0.
Kim nods.
Zandria says, "This way, for now."
grin zandria
You grin at Zandria.
Zandria says, "Keep in mind folks this is the first time I've done this."
Sakura says, "And the rift status says we're going the right way now."
Sakura hugs Zandria.
Zandria hugs Sakura.
A Tardick lizard named Isis, perched on Lillian Hudson's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
"Now punch it up to 100% and be ready to dial it back down to 1% if we miss,"
Akemi says in a Japanese accent.
"Zand you're doing fine," says Morris. "I ended up coasting in at 1% trim."
Kim says to Zandria, "Now, trim back to 100."
-zandria We all understand. We all had to do the same thing at some point.
You say to Zandria, "We all understand. We all had to do the same thing at some
point."
Zandria Marschaund turns a small dial on the rift drive control board, trimming
the riftsail to 100%.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
Zandria says, "Here we go."
The starship has entered a unique area of space.
A large disc is suddenly before the ship, looking startingly like a single
unfathomably large solid object. But the starship's sensors reveal that the mass
is actually trillions of bits of matter of various sizes, all slowly orbiting a
glowing ball of gas in the center of the disc. A solar system is being created
here.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Zandria Marschaund presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Kim cheers for Zandria!
Lily cheers.
Morris cheers for Zandria!
Zandria laughs.
cheer
Sakura cheers for Zandria!
You cheer.
Nathaniel cheers for Zandria!
"You did it!" exclaims Kim.
Akemi says, "Neato."
Morris Corlew activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Zandria says, "Thanks."
Michael grins.
Sakura says to Zandria, "I knew you could do it!"
pat zandria
You pat Zandria on the back.
Akemi Bando presses a button, calling up the starmap, and studies it for a
moment.
Sakura Arakida presses a button, and the ship's luminosity sensor performs a
quick analysis.
The luminosity sensor's display shows that the local luminosity level is
approximately Sol-equivalent.
Michael Winters presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
Akemi Bando presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up the starmap, and studies it for a
moment.
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
Akemi says, "Nice bright star here."
Sakura says, "Hey not too bad on the solar readings."
Zandria Marschaund stands up from a dark yellow leather captain's chair.
Michael asks, "Planet place?"
Nathaniel asks, "What can we even do with stars?"
Nathaniel says to Michael in a Candelarian accent, "Doubtful."
Kim says, "Charge our ship if we had solar panels on it."
'Dout there'd be any planets.
You say, "Dout there'd be any planets."
"We can use them to recharge ships with solar panels," says Akemi, "and to run
temporary stations which use solar power modules."
Zandria says, "All this for a useless star.? Bummer."
Morris exclaims, "And to take pictures!"
Kim says to Zandria, "Ok, you flew us here. If you can't take the image
yourself, you choose who does."
Sakura exclaims, "Oh yes the pictures!"
"Well there is that," says Zandria. "Just looking at the charge."
"The photo's going to be worth a fair amount," Akemi says.
"Oh, 41 percent charge," says Nathaniel. "We're good."
Morris nods. "More than good."
Zandria nods.
Michael nods.
grin
You grin.
Sakura says to Zandria, "Choose who takes the space image love..."
Zandria says, "Say akemi."
"Oh," says Kim, "also, the person who takes the picture puts it in the box, not
someone else."
Akemi nods.
Zandria laughs.
Akemi Bando turns a dial on the space imager to achieve proper focus, then
presses a large button.
A space imaging photograph of a star surrounded by a disc of glowing dust slides
out of a slot below.
Akemi Bando picks up a space imaging photograph of a star surrounded by a disc
of glowing dust.
Akemi Bando opens a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' for a
moment.
Akemi Bando puts a space imaging photograph of a star surrounded by a disc of
glowing dust in a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
"And we need copies," says Sakura. "Of the space image for zandria's first time
flying with a rift drive."
Zandria Marschaund finishes off a day old large slice of cinnamon crumb coffee
cake.
Akemi Bando turns a dial on the space imager to achieve proper focus, then
presses a large button.
A space imaging photograph of a star surrounded by a disc of glowing dust slides
out of a slot below.
Kim nods.
Kim Saunders activates the ultimate salvage sensor and begins scanning for
chunks of debris.
The salvage sensor reports detection of a small superheated mass (grade 70) at a
range of 192000km at Sector Southwest and Down, a small superheated mass (grade
60) at a range of 216000km at Sector Southwest, a small superheated mass (grade
60) at a range of 84000km at Sector Southwest, a small superheated mass (grade
70) at a range of 144000km at Sector Southwest and Up, a small superheated mass
(grade 70) at a range of 216000km at Sector Southwest and Down, a small
superheated mass (grade 50) at a range of 180000km at Sector Southwest and Up,
and a small superheated mass (grade 70) at a range of 144000km at Sector
Southwest and Up.
Akemi Bando picks up a space imaging photograph of a star surrounded by a disc
of glowing dust.
Akemi Bando gives a space imaging photograph of a star surrounded by a disc of
glowing dust to Zandria Marschaund.
"The NDB is still at 5 percent as well," Lily says.
"70 and 60.not to bad," Nathaniel says.
Michael says, "Wait."
Michael asks, "You can salvage this stuff?"
Akemi says, "Sure."
"Of course," says Lily.
Sakura Arakida activates the ultimate salvage sensor and begins scanning for
chunks of debris.
The salvage sensor reports detection of a small superheated mass (grade 70) at a
range of 192000km at Sector Southwest and Down, a small superheated mass (grade
60) at a range of 216000km at Sector Southwest, a small superheated mass (grade
60) at a range of 84000km at Sector Southwest, a small superheated mass (grade
70) at a range of 144000km at Sector Southwest and Up, a small superheated mass
(grade 70) at a range of 216000km at Sector Southwest and Down, a small
superheated mass (grade 50) at a range of 180000km at Sector Southwest and Up,
and a small superheated mass (grade 70) at a range of 144000km at Sector
Southwest and Up.
"Interesting," says Michael in a Candelaria accent.
Zandria Marschaund puts a sheet of purple paper in a black suede handbag covered
with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Zandria Marschaund removes a lavender leather photo album with a zooming
starship embossed on the front from a silver silk backpack embroidered with
cerulean blue dragons.
"It's matter you can use," Akemi says. "Most of it is pre-stellar material, some
heavier stuff. It's a melange of material from previous dead stars, interstellar
hydrogen, and dust."
Zandria Marschaund opens a lavender leather photo album with a zooming starship
embossed on the front.
Zandria Marschaund turns a page in a lavender leather photo album with a zooming
starship embossed on the front.
Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders. "Well, going 45 15 will put
us back almost against the flow."
Lily nods.
Morris Corlew says, OOCly, "How do you run the salvage sensor? I've tried all
kinds of stuff and am coming up blank."
Sakura Arakida says, OOCly, "Type deb."
Lily Kaise says, OOCly, "Debris."
Morris Corlew activates the ultimate salvage sensor and begins scanning for
chunks of debris.
The salvage sensor reports detection of a small superheated mass (grade 70) at a
range of 192000km at Sector Southwest and Down, a small superheated mass (grade
60) at a range of 216000km at Sector Southwest, a small superheated mass (grade
60) at a range of 84000km at Sector Southwest, a small superheated mass (grade
70) at a range of 144000km at Sector Southwest and Up, a small superheated mass
(grade 70) at a range of 216000km at Sector Southwest and Down, a small
superheated mass (grade 50) at a range of 180000km at Sector Southwest and Up,
and a small superheated mass (grade 70) at a range of 144000km at Sector
Southwest and Up.
Morris Corlew exclaims, OOCly, "Thanks!"
Akemi says, "Places like this are very 'noisy' locations for the sensors."
"The starmap is full of false contacts," Akemi says.
Kim Saunders presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
"Yeah I noticed the differences," Morris says.
"The basic rundown information is okay," Akemi says.
Akemi Bando presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
Kim Saunders presses a button, calling up the starmap, and studies it for a
moment.
Akemi says, "Just the starmap is a mess."
Zandria Marschaund carefully inserts a space imaging photograph of a star
surrounded by a disc of glowing dust into a lavender leather photo album with a
zooming starship embossed on the front and writes in a caption underneath it.
Michael Winters presses a button, calling up the starmap, and studies it for a
moment.
Nathaniel Owens presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
Sakura Arakida presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
Zandria Marschaund puts a lavender leather photo album with a zooming starship
embossed on the front in a silver silk backpack embroidered with cerulean blue
dragons.
Zandria Marschaund removes a pack of Centauri Shag-brand rolling papers from a
black suede handbag covered with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Nathaniel Owens presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
Zandria Marschaund puts a pack of Centauri Shag-brand rolling papers in a black
suede handbag covered with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Akemi Bando quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 45.0, 15.0.
"Okay," asks Akemi, "I think we're all done here, right?"
Sakura nods.
Michael says, "Yep."
Akemi Bando flips a number of failsafe switches on the rift drive control board,
then pushes a heavy lever forward.
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
Zandria says, "Looks like it."
Morris says, "Yup."
Zandria Marschaund sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Kim says to Akemi, "Yeah, but we will go straight in the flow again on that
heading."
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The starship has left a unique area of space.
Nathaniel says in a Candelarian accent, "I never use the starmap, just the
rundown."
The mist turns to black smoke that soon drifts away, and you find that the ship
is on a conveyor belt, moving rapidly through a factory.
Lily asks, "So what's our total distance so far?"
Morris nods to Nathaniel. "I find the starmap much harder."
"Flow shifted a little, it's not so rough," Akemi says. "We can turn more
eastish though."
Nathaniel asks, "I'd say 980 lightyears?"
Akemi Bando quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
A large metal arm swings into place over the ship, grabs it, lifts it, and turns
to place it on another conveyor belt.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 25.0, 15.0.
Zandria Marschaund removes a sheet of purple paper from a black suede handbag
covered with abstractly patterned silver studs.
Kim writes down a few more notes on a sheet of yellow paper.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Akemi Bando quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
A large metal arm swings into place over the ship, grabs it, lifts it, and turns
to place it on another conveyor belt.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 35.0, 15.0.
Zandria Marschaund gives a sheet of purple paper to Sakura Arakida.
Akemi Bando quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
A large metal arm swings into place over the ship, grabs it, lifts it, and turns
to place it on another conveyor belt.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 45.0, 15.0.
"See?" asks Blake. "Zandria found everythin."
Akemi gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Blake says, "Everything."
Akemi Bando quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
A large metal arm swings into place over the ship, grabs it, lifts it, and turns
to place it on another conveyor belt.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 15.0, 15.0.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Blake nods and nods.
"I like that," says Akemi, "we'll go with that for awhile."
Nathaniel says, "Ooo good speed."
Kim says in a New Bristol accent, "Ok, let me write the report."
Morris asks, "So how will we figure out exactly which heading to go to go back?"
Akemi says, "Watch how the rift speed increases."
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Zandria Marschaund switches on a personal filing computer.
Akemi says, "That's a feature of the mark 2 and mark 3 rift drives."
Nathaniel says to Morris, "We won't. W're going to be stuck for ever. Joking."
Kim laughs.
Morris smirks at Nathaniel.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Nathaniel says to Kim, "Mark 3?"
chuckel morris
I don't understand that.
chuckel morris
I don't understand that.
chuckle morris
You chuckle at Morris.
Nathaniel Owens asks, OOCly, "Can you buy any other rift drive but this one?"
Kim nods to Nathaniel. "The imperator has a rift drive mark 3."
"It takes it a few moments, but it eventually finds the best way to make use of
the available rift flow," Akemi says. "So we speed over over the course of a few
moments as we hold course."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Pre-Stellar Object 2114-9398 about 1.21 light-grand cycles
toward Galactic West and Very Slightly Down.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       3529 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic Eastnortheast and Very Slightly Up (15.0, 15.0)
Riftflow:           5708 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic North and
Slightly Up
Forecast:           Within the next 0.500, the riftflow is predicted to remain
the same intensity and direction.
Time in Riftflow:   0.08E
Distance Traveled:  1.29 light-grand cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
A Tardick lizard named Isis, perched on Lillian Hudson's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
"But for real," says Nathaniel, "how are we going to get back."
Kim says to Nathaniel, "The rift drive you buy for most ships is a mark 1. The
galleon and the science vessel have a mark 2, then the imperator even has a mark
3."
Nathaniel says to Kim, "What is the differents?"
"At least, I've only ever noticed it do that on mark 2 and mark 3 ships," Akemi
says. "Maybe the mark 1 ships can do it too."
Akemi says, "The Odyssey refit for the Augmented Explorer has a mark 3 drive as
well, I think."
"Well, I assume when it becomes time to head back, we pick a reverse heading
from where we've gone so far, and when we get closer to home we can chart our
position." Kim smiles at Nathaniel. "Or anfisa might even be able to chart and
suggest a heading from where we are then."
Nathaniel asks, "Does the fringe have any makr 2 capable ships?"
"Mark 2, rahter," says Nathaniel.
Blake says, "Nope."
Akemi says, "Negatory, Confederation Pilot."
Lily blinks.
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "Sorry, driving."
Akemi Bando exclaims, OOCly, "Cripes, just drive!"
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "I'm not the one driving."
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "My driver is, but theres hell on the moterway."
While checking her notes, Kim takes her einrophone to hand.
Kim Saunders navigates her metallic green touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
Blake says, "Hm."
Kim Saunders switches a metallic green touch einrophone off.
Kim Saunders glances down at her wrist-mounted chronometer momentarily.
Kim Saunders navigates her metallic green touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
Morris Corlew quickly drains a glass of chilled orange juice.
Morris Corlew puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
"So," asks Akemi, "as for getting home, I guess some of you have been using the
NDB locator to gauge how far we are from the Torus, right?"
locate
You are receiving no signal from the NDB at Earthgate.
You listen for a moment to the extra long-range NDB pings from The Torus. They
seem almost inaudible. The signal strength meter reads: 5%.
Sakura says, "It's at 5..."
"I don't know how to convert it to distance," says Morris, "but have been
watching it drop."
Nathaniel says, "Yes, I have."
Sakura says, "And nothing from earthgate."
"Earthgate only has a range of about 300 light-years," Akemi says. "We're well
out of that one's range."
"When I get a rift drive, I'm not going to do anything crazy like go all this
way out first time I try," Nathaniel says. "I'll probably play it safe."
Morris asks, "What's the range of the torus?"
"So what you want to do is use the reverse heading like what Kim said," says
Akemi, "and watch the NDB strength go up."
"1000 lightyears," says Nathaniel.
Morris asks, "Guessing around 1000 lightyears?"
Sakura whistles.
"I've got a rift drive on my gem," says Sakura, "but that's for artifacting
trips and the like."
Sakura gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
"Contemplating eventually," says Sakura, "some day, a very far off some day
going for a galleon."
Morris says, "I'm excited to practice and hopefully get good at it."
"When you get close," says Akemi, "you'll be in these stretches where the NDB
strength doesn't seem to change at all."
Nathaniel says, "I'm after a tacticle platform with sightseers."
'I want a tac platform with long range sightseers.
You say, "I want a tac platform with long range sightseers."
"When that happens," says Akemi, "you can change your heading to try to force a
change."
Sakura says to Nathaniel, "That was my first thought, but the tacticle platform
sadly you can't get a rec room or lo7unge and I'd want my crew to be able to
play games."
Morris says to Akemi, "And if it gets weaker, go the other way."
Nathaniel says to Sakura, "I know, that's my problem."
"Observation lounge if the tac platform came with that," says Sakura, "at least,
I'd be happy."
Nathaniel says to Sakura, "If I could get a gallian or even this type of science
vessal I would."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus turns to regard its surroundings from its perch on
Melinda Michaels's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief
moment.
"So if you're returning on course 135 -15 and you'e 'stuck' at 95% Torus
strength, try adjusting course to 225 -15 and holding it for ten or fifteen
lightyears," Akemi says. "Seeing how that affects the signal strength."
"That's the basic idea," says Akemi. "With that, you can get close enough to see
temporary beacons."
Morris nods to Akemi.
A metallic gold touch einrophone beeps quietly for attention, indicating a new
post in Local Ship Message Board/We Strive To Live In Peace/General.
Kim Saunders switches a metallic green touch einrophone off.
Morris Corlew switches a message board reader on and peers at the screen.
Kim says to Akemi, "Check my report, please?"
"If you know someone with a Torus rental slot is around, you can ask them to
send a direction-finding hypercast at you," Akemi says. "That'll tell you where
the Torus is."
Simon Collins suddenly awakens.
Simon Collins navigates his light golden brown touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
"And finally," says Akemi, "if you have a navigator with a chart of the area,
they can just give you a heading to use to get somewhere."
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lillian
Hudson's shoulder.
Morris Corlew switches a message board reader off.
Akemi Bando navigates her metallic gray touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
Nathaniel says, "I'm going to learn to chart."
Morris nods to Akemi. "That's what Damien was doing the other day..."
Simon Collins switches a light golden brown touch einrophone off.
Kim says, "I would love to learn how to chart."
Simon says, "I'd actually like to do that some time too."
grin 'As would I
You grin. "As would I."
Kim says, "But learning probably will not be very easy for me."
Morris nods to Kim. "Yeah, I understand. Same here."
Akemi Bando switches a metallic gray touch einrophone off.
"Same," says Nathaniel, "but I want to at least try."
Akemi Bando navigates her metallic gray touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
Nathaniel gets a distant look on his face as he ponders.
Akemi Bando switches a metallic gray touch einrophone off.
"We're probably not 131 LTC from the Torus," says Akemi, "although we have
covered that distance."
"The straight lines of the rift drive seem a lot easier for me than places I
have to get around that have more sections or barriers," Morris says.
"When we turned west," says Akemi, "we would have gone closer to the Torus."
Kim says, "Yeah, you are actually right."
"Other than that, looks good," Akemi says.
Nathaniel says, "4 percent on the ndb now."
"Well," says Kim, "we are definitely getting closer to the 1000 lightyears
mark."
Kim Saunders puts a sheet of yellow paper in a light purple cotton drawstring
purse.
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a cup of freshly brewed coffee with cream and sugar.
"Is 1000 lightyears our turn around point or how far are we aiming," Nathaniel
says.
Akemi says, "That 1000 light-year figure people like to use for the Torus NDB
means we're about 960 light-years from the Torus."
"At this point we're far enough out that we just want to find stuff before we
need to turn around," Akemi says.
Kim says to Nathaniel, "Well, we will probably look around a bit once we get
there, see what we can find. According to the experts, that's where the good
stuff is."
Melinda gives an enthusiastic thumbs up.
grin
You grin.
Kim looks thoughtful for a moment.
Kim says to Lillian in a New Bristol accent, "Uhm, would you have a few minutes
for me?"
Kim Saunders finishes off a cup of freshly brewed coffee with cream and sugar.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Kim Saunders puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
"And, by the way, hi Lily," Kim says. "With all this navigating I didn't even
greet you yet."
Lily smiles. "Hi Kim."
"Wow, we are suddenly quiet again," Kim says.
Kim smiles.
nod
You nod.
who
There appear to be about 16 pilots recently active.
The starship's computer and QE comm detect:
*Lily Kaise  (A)
*Shule Elemmire  (A)
*Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
*Simon Collins  (L)
*Lillian Hudson  (L)
*Akemi Bando  (L)
*Zandria Marschaund  (L)
*Sakura Arakida  (L)
*Melinda Michaels  (L)
*Morris Corlew  (L)
%Damien Goss  (L)
%Caleb Davenport  (L)
%Robert O'Malley  (L)
*Nathaniel Owens  (F)
*Michael Winters  (F)
%Eugene Silverlance  (F)
* == Out of communications range
% == Detected via Quantum Entanglement comm
Additionally, there are 13 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 29 pilots.
"Charting isn't the mechanical process that you may have observed," Lily says.
"For those of us who are planet born, we arenpt accustomed to the spatial
objects and such found in deep space. Learning the type of notation which is
necessary for charting one's course is almost like learning another language and
a coding method. It's not that easily asimilated by us."
Kim nods.
"That makes sense," says Morris.
nod lily
You nod to Lily.
Kim says, "But there are people who have learned and become pretty good at it."
Lily nods.
'But I like a challenge.
You say in a New Phoenician accent, "But I like a challenge."
A boiler shudders loudly as you pass it, steam venting around the bolts which
hold it together.
Kim grins. "Absolutely, challenges are good."
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "What do you have to no ooc."
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "To be able to learn charting. Or is it just math."
Kim Saunders says, OOCly, "Nothing. It's purely a roleplay thing."
"Well just don't be impatient and when those who can teach us are willing and
able to," says Lily, "just take it in and allow yourself to learn the skill and
no it is not 'just math'"
nod and grin lily
You nod and grin at Lily.
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "So, it's just a thing your character knows and
have to rp struggleing with it or how does that work."
Akemi Bando says, OOCly, "It is a flag that is set by hand by the hosts. You
learn and improve through roleplay with willing teachers."
"Anyway since i'm not qualified to teach notation or the concepts related to
starcharting, I'll drop this topic," Lily says. "Just saying it's not that easy
to learn such as space combat, ground combat and the like."
Simon Collins says, OOCly, "Oo, sounds cool. I'll need to see about getting
someone to teach me ic."
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "Ah, I get it. Thanks."
Nathaniel asks, "Does anyone on this ship qualify to teac it?"
Simon says, "You won't know if you can do it or not before you try it."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
'I believe Anfisa and Nissi can teach it, no?
"I believe Anfisa and Nissi can teach it, no?" you ask.
"Yes Nissi," says Lily in a New Earth accent, "Anfisa and Liam but it's up to
them."
Kim nods.
"I can chart but not good enough to teach it," Melinda says. "I still struggle
with it a little. Liam can teach also."
Lily says, "I used to be able to chart a little but I had a head injury and I've
lost almost all of that skill."
Morris says to Lily, "Sorry...that had to be kinda rough."
Nathaniel says to Lily, "That had to suck."
"It was," says Lily. "I just hope in time I'll relearn it somewhere else in my
brain."
"The brainis pretty amazing like that but not sure how it will relate to the
type of brain function that starcharting utilizes," Lily says.
"I'd just feel bad asking someone to take it upon themselves to teach me
something which is clarly complocated as all hell," Nathaniel says.
"Anyway," says Lily, "I'm so pleased to see how interested you all are in
exploraiton."
Lily Kaise says, OOCly, "Exploration."
nod and grin
You nod and grin.
Kim smiles at Nathaniel. "Certain people really don't mind teaching, or no one
else would have ever learned."
Simon says, "One of the reasons I started the whole piloting thing."
"I love to explore. Just ask Shule!" Lily winks at you.
Lily laughs.
grin lily
You grin at Lily.
'Exploration is fun!
You exclaim, "Exploration is fun!"
Simon exclaims, "Oh it is!"
"Yeah," says Kim, "a clear break from the every day life is always good."
"I've enjoyed it," says Morris. "It doesn't make me as nervous as gunning or
ground combat...but I get nervous more because I know others are counting on me
not to screw something up than anything."
"I always have been an explorer," Nathaniel says. "I can't remember a day where
I didn't get yelled at as a child for going beyond the borders my parents told
me I had to stay inside when I went out."
"Flyings' where I get nevrous, not as much when it's my own ship," Simon says.
"Flying in combat, that is. Hell for all I know that addrenalin rush helps me."
Kim smiles at Morris. "So far you have really done well."
"For me, flying someone elses ship gets me on edge," Nathaniel says. "If it's my
ship it's my fault if I fuck up. If someone elses though, painful."
Morris blushes at Kim. "Thanks."
An annoying, rhythmic clanging gradually grows in volume until you pass a
high-powered compressor on an adjacent conveyor belt.
"Well in all actuality," says Lily, "a good balance of all skills will prove you
to be a well-rounded and well-versed pilot."
Nathaniel says to Simon in a Candelarian accent, "I still haven't forgotten that
time when I fucked up horribley. You should remember taht. If you don't i'm
glad."
'Flying just takes practice.
"Flying just takes practice," you say.
"Piloting scares me...more than gunning," Morris says.
Simon says to Nathaniel, "Sorry, but I do. Not holding it against you though."
Kim says to Morris in a New Bristol accent, "Then work on your gunning first
until you are more comfortable."
Kim says to Morris in a New Bristol accent, "And a good way to practice flying
without risking anything at all is a simulator."
Morris nods to Kim. "I'm a lot more comfortable now than I used to be."
Lily says, "Yeah I was about to suggest that."
"Simulators are good," says Nathaniel, "but I don't really get that rush, cause
there is nothing at stake."
Nissi Valdaire walks in from the southeast.
Morris nods. "Shule is the one that introduced me to the simulator."
Nissi Valdaire sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Kim waves to Nissi Valdaire.
'Actually, learning how to fly improved my gunning.
"Actually," you say, "learning how to fly improved my gunning."
Nissi Valdaire waves.
wave nissi
You wave to Nissi.
"If the people who make those actually added a way to spawn outsider simm
ships," says Simon in an English accent, "or maybe even simmulated ifs I'd make
more use of them."
"Good day!" Lily waves to Nissi.
Simon waves to Nissi.
Nathaniel waves to Nissi.
Morris says, "I just get a little confused when I should shoot like hell and
when I should hold back."
Kim says to Morris in a New Bristol accent, "?aask someone to practice with you
and fly against you."
nod simon 'Get someone to fly against you.
You nod to Simon. "Get someone to fly against you."
Simon says to Nissi in an English accent, "Hey nissy, I'm wondering would you be
willing to teach me star charting soem time? And if you were how much would you
want for your time?"
"Exactly," says Nathaniel. "If it would randomly spawn ifs and outsider ships
and if you actually got a fine, smaller with less expeerience or something, if
you exploded, I would be good."
Morris nods. "That was my first experience...Shule did in the simulator."
"I tried to help this steve guy in a sim," Nathaniel says. "It wasn't grate. We
had a full on duel after I showd him combat gunning and flying."
Morris says, "But draining the grid/using up ammunition versus hitting as many
times as possible is my dilemma."
Nathaniel nods to Morris.
Nissi says, "I might go over stuff sometime on the trip if I feel like it."
grin nissi
You grin at Nissi.
Kim smiles at Nissi. "Thank you, much appreciated."
Lily smiles at Nissi.
-morris Don't worry so much about the grid unless the engineer tells you to.
You say to Morris, "Don't worry so much about the grid unless the engineer tells
you to."
Nathaniel says to Nissi in a Candelarian accent, "I wasn't going to ask, but now
simon did, I am also interested in learning to chart. I am willing to pay
whatever you charge for lessons."
Morris beams at Nissi.
"Oh what would be awesome," Simon says.
Simon smiles at Nissi.
Simon says, "That would be rather."
Melinda says to Nissi in a Bedford accent, "Can you teach me how to do that one
thing and then the other thing and then that last thing that I can't remember to
save my life?"
Melinda grins.
Lily grins at Melinda.
Kim giggles.
chuckle mel
You chuckle at Melinda.
Morris laughs at Melinda.
Simon chuckles at Melinda.
Akemi says, "Don't expect to learn even the basics all in one lesson."
Nissi smirks.
Akemi says, "Takes awhile."
"Look, like I said, I'll go over it if I feel like it," Nissi says. "I'm a
pilot, not a tutor."
Melinda says, "It sure does."
Lily says, "Poor Nissi... just walks in and everybody bombards her."
Kim smiles at Nissi. "Well, good waking cycle, and I hope you slept well."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Simon nods to Lily.
smile nissi
You smile at Nissi.
Melinda says to Nissi in a Bedford accent, "Oh, I forgot to bow before I asked
all the questions. I will put this on my things to learn."
Melinda grins.
Kim laughs.
Kim says to Nissi in a New Bristol accent, "Take your time and don't let anyone
rush you."
A boiler shudders loudly as you pass it, steam venting around the bolts which
hold it together.
"To come back on another subject someone asked about," says Kim, "the joining of
an org."
"Yeah," says Akemi, "that was the topic of the cycle before that approach to
that pre-stellar site."
"Well," says Kim, "to be fair, starseekers is open to pilots of any alliance
now, no longer just AEU."
Nathaniel says to Kim, "I might consider joining, if you take fringe."
Lillian says to Kim, "Have you thought about approaching the smaller orgs and
seeing if you can combine a couple?"
Lillian says to Nathaniel, "She just said it's open to all now."
"But... Joining an org is not only about what's available," says Kim, "but also
about what you are looking for."
"Ouch," says Nissi, "that'll bottom out your points quick."
Simon says to Kim, "Well, what kind of an org is starseekers?"
Lillian nods to Nissi.
Lily nods to Nissi.
Kim says, "There are pilots who are not members of an org and still happy."
Kim says to Nissi in a New Bristol accent, "I am sure it will. But I considered
it very carefully, talked to people. At the moments, points and credits is
really all that starseekers is."
Lillian says to Nissi in an Old Earth accent, "To be fair, in order to keep
Starseekers alive, I don't think she had much of a choice. The AEU government
kind of screwed her over with accepting only exceptional pilots."
"The only really active member we have now," says Kim, "who enjoys doing things
with the org, is shule."
Melinda asks, "What about Lily?"
"And truthfully," says Kim, "there are not going to be more AEU pilots and we
have no alliance with anyone."
Morris says, "There is one new one...I don't remember the name, though."
"I don't do anything," says Lily. "I just like to sit around all day!"
Lily giggles.
Kim laughs.
chuckle lily
You chuckle at Lily.
Morris chuckles.
grin lily
You grin at Lily.
Lily hugs an elegant crystal decanter.
Kim says, "Lily has told me she is not considering to join an org right now."
Lily nods.
Melinda says, "Oh."
hug lily
You hug Lily.
Lily grins.
Nissi says, "I will also not be joining any orgs."
Lillian grins at Nissi.
Melinda grins at Nissi.
Lily grins at Nissi.
Kim giggles at Nissi.
Morris says, "It's a decision I won't take lightly when the time comes...but
right now I'm not even eligible."
Lillian says to Morris in an Old Earth accent, "Who says?"
A Tardick lizard named Isis, perched on Lillian Hudson's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
chuckel nissi
I don't understand that.
grin nissi
You grin at Nissi.
"I was told you have to have been a pilot for 30 days minimum," Morris says.
"I've still got 9 days to go on that."
Lillian gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Lily says to Morris in a New Earth accent, "Yup you need to be a pilot for 30
days but that time will accumulate quickly."
"I'm not sure on that," Lillian says in an Old Earth accent. "I don't remember
there being any requirements for joining an org though."
Lily says, "It is."
'It is
You say, "It is."
Lillian says to Lily, "Ah. Good to know."
Lily nods.
'I tried before my 30 days was up.
You say, "I tried before my 30 days was up."
"Imagine this," says Kim. "An org with 71 bilion credits, over 9 thousand
industry points, 4400 combat points and so on. Until now all it does is earn
more credits and points. No goal, and no people who feel excited to work towards
a different future, except shule that is."
Kim says, "That's not a fun org."
Lillian shakes her head at Kim.
Melinda nods to Kim. "You have to do what you have to do."
"While I would love to be a part of this conversation," says Morris, "I have to
rest...I apologize."
Lillian says to Morris in an Old Earth accent, "Sleep well."
Morris nods to Lillian. "Thanks."
-morris Rest well
You say to Morris, "Rest well."
Kim smiles at Morris. "Sleep well."
Simon says to Morris in an English accent, "Good sleeping cycle."
Morris says, "Thanks all."
Akemi says to Morris in a Japanese accent, "Dream of little sheep dancing
around."
"Ha!" Morris chuckles at Akemi. "I try to only count sheep when I can't
sleep...and that doesn't usually work."
Morris waves.
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
Nathaniel says to Kim, "Well, I am interested in joining and helping as much as
I can."
"Although points are a valuable thing, they are ultimately only the means by
which you can reach certain goals," Kim says. "And more can be earned over
time."
Simon says to Kim, "Same."
Your vision is obscured by a sudden burst of black smoke, which gradually fades
to mist.
You mentally sigh in relief as you return to the starship.
"So, we won't just accept anyone," Kim says. "But people who are active and
enjoy doing things together, who want to be part of more expeditions or other
things we come up with in the future, well, they will be welcome."
Simon says to Kim in an English accent, "Certainly sounds like my kind of org."
Nathaniel nods to Simon.
Kim nods. "Well, nothing we can do about it now and here, but when we get home,
talk to me or apply for membership."
nod 'Or you can talk to me too. Neither of us bite... often.
"Or you can talk to me too." You nod. "Neither of us bite... often."
Kim laughs.
Lillian grins.
Akemi asks, "Isn't Angel also a trustee?"
nod akemi
You nod to Akemi.
Melinda says, "Angel bites."
"In short," says Kim, "I hope to go from quantity to quality, something
Starseekers should have done a long time ago."
Melinda giggles.
chuckle melinda
You chuckle at Melinda.
Kim giggles. "Yes, angel is a trustee, or rather, at the moment acting founder."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
"She also sits on laps," Melinda says in a Bedford accent. "So, if you need a
lap sitter from time to time, Seekers is your org."
Melinda grins.
Kim laughs.
Lillian giggles at Melinda.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Lily chuckles.
A Tardick lizard named Isis, perched on Lillian Hudson's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Lillian Hudson strokes a Tardick lizard named Isis lovingly.
"But yeah, Starseekers may not be able to contribute top quality modules for a
while," Kim says. "That's the downside. But hopefully the other side of it will
balance that out."
Kim says, "Well, uhm."
The room grows a bit more chill.
Kim turns to Lillian and asks: "would you have a few minutes for me?"
Lillian says to Kim in an Old Earth accent, "Of course."
Kim Saunders stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Lillian Hudson joins Kim Saunders's group.
Kim Saunders's group strolls southeast.
Lily shrugs.
Akemi Bando helps herself to a shot of peach schnapps.
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a shot of peach schnapps.
Akemi says, "Ah, sugary."
Lily Kaise examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily exclaims, "I think it's wine time already!"
"Oh," says Lily.
'woo!
You exclaim, "Woo!"
Lily considers a cup of hot cafe mocha thoughtfully.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise finishes off a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
who
There appear to be about 16 pilots recently active.
The starship's computer and QE comm detect:
*Lily Kaise  (A)
*Shule Elemmire  (A)
*Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
*Simon Collins  (L)
*Lillian Hudson  (L)
*Akemi Bando  (L)
*Sakura Arakida  (L)
*Melinda Michaels  (L)
*Nissi Valdaire  (L) [a]
%Simon Privorda  (L)
%Damien Goss  (L)
%Caleb Davenport  (L)
%Robert O'Malley  (L)
*Nathaniel Owens  (F)
%Eugene Silverlance  (F)
%Cesar Ysidro  (F) [a]
* == Out of communications range
% == Detected via Quantum Entanglement comm
Additionally, there are 14 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 30 pilots.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Sakura Arakida puts a sheet of purple paper in a small sparkly pale pink
portfolio.
Sakura Arakida puts a small sparkly pale pink portfolio in a dark gold canvas
League gear bag.
Sakura Arakida helps herself to a shot of peach schnapps.
Sakura says, "Mmm peach."
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a shot of peach schnapps.
"Peaches," says Sakura. "Can you please do a tricky trick for this peach loving
pilot?"
Peaches the little white CatBot dances around in a happy circle.
Sakura laughs.
Lily pats Peaches the little white CatBot lightly.
Lily exclaims, "I forgot Meow but I had too much company with me already!"
Sakura laughs.
Lily says, "Yeah they don't like to bump into robots."
Lily says, "Or erm other robots."
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders in from the southeast.
"I couldn't resist bringing peaches," Sakura says in a Japanese accent. "And
liam's got his."
Peaches the little white CatBot meows at Sakura.
Sakura laughs at Peaches the little white CatBot.
Sakura says to a shot of peach schnapps in a Japanese accent, "Yes I'm talking
about you."
Lily nods.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Jasmin the small red glowing felo.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand.
Sakura says to Peaches the little white CatBot in a Japanese accent, "Yes I'm
talking about you."
You hear something fall in the next room.
pet jasmin
You stroke the soft fur of Jasmin the small red glowing felo.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo purrs softly.
Zandria Marschaund strokes the soft fur of Jasmin the small red glowing felo.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo purrs softly.
Sakura blinks.
Nathaniel Owens strokes the soft fur of Jasmin the small red glowing felo.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo purrs softly.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a shot of peach schnapps.
'be right back
You say in a New Phoenician accent, "Be right back."
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
se
Akemi says to Peaches the little white CatBot in a Japanese accent, "Beep beep."
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, a Tardick
lizard named Raissa, and a Tardick lizard named Freyja here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
l ast4ria
I see no "ast4ria" here.
l asteria
I see no "asteria" here.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, a glossy lavender ceramic felo
chow bowl, and Xavier the big silver soldier felo here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and a
small red plastic box here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
l asteria
I see no "asteria" here.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy seashell pink
ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
l asteria
I see no "asteria" here.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
l asteria
I see no "asteria" here.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, and a
glossy sea green ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, and west.
l asteria
I see no "asteria" here.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, and Shule Elemmire's workbench here.
You can go east.
take instamold from work
There are 11 of those. How many do you want to take?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
n
Not a valid number.
'Kiska craft 39 instamold plastic brick.
You say in a New Phoenician accent, "Kiska craft 39 instamold plastic brick."
Kiska the humanoid service robot stands before Shule Elemmire's workbench and
gathers various supplies, then methodically assembles them into an instamold
plastic brick.
Kiska the humanoid service robot adds an instamold plastic brick to the
workbench's supplies, for a total of twelve.
e
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, and a
glossy sea green ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, and west.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
n
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy seashell pink
ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and a
small red plastic box here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, a glossy lavender ceramic felo
chow bowl, and Xavier the big silver soldier felo here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
l asteria
I see no "asteria" here.
Sakura Arakida strides in from the northeast.
per nw
Peaches the little white CatBot trots happily in after Sakura Arakida with a
quiet hiss of hydraulics.
I don't understand that.
Sakura Arakida strides down.
Peaches the little white CatBot trots happily after Sakura Arakida with a quiet
hiss of hydraulics.
peer nw
You peer northwest...
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Port]
Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the
windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a simple yellow laminate desk, a bulky silver-colored posterizer, a
large square black and dark brown cloth rug, a modern bright yellow pod chair
with a cream leather interior, and a glossy blue ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go northeast and southeast.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, a Tardick
lizard named Raissa, and a Tardick lizard named Freyja here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Simon Collins and
Nathaniel Owens are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison and
Michael Winters are dozing on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando
is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Melinda Michaels is standing here. Lily Kaise and Nissi Valdaire
are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yay I have a single
black egg. Anyone want to trade another color tenticle thingy for it? This one
is probably yellow or orange."
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "I have both yellow or orange and gold
and Violet. Otherwise, I'd trade."
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Awwww. Poo."
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oh well I'll sell
it when we get back."
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "Yup make money!pa I have both yellow or
orange and gold and Violet. Otherwise, I'd trade."
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southwest.
Sakura Arakida strides southwest.
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "Yup money is a good thing."
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southeast.
Sakura Arakida sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower
pattern.
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a shot of peach schnapps.
You hear something fall in the next room.
Akemi Bando finishes off a shot of peach schnapps.
Akemi Bando puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Simon Collins and
Nathaniel Owens are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake Madison and
Michael Winters are dozing on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando
is sitting on a modern white pod chair. Melinda Michaels, Lily Kaise, and Nissi
Valdaire are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund
and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream oriental rug.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders in from the airlock.
Nathaniel Owens slumps in a black leather sectional sofa and goes to sleep.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Jasmin the small red glowing felo wanders southwest.
Melinda Michaels scrambles to her feet.
Melinda Michaels strolls southwest.
Something tickles the back of your neck.
Melinda Michaels strolls in from the southwest.
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "A shower is refreshing."
"Sure is," says Lily in a New Earth accent.
Sakura Arakida nods.
Sakura says, "Indeed it is."
Sakura gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Sakura Arakida stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
"And not a bad idea," Sakura says. "I'd rather not smell like a barrel of
monkies."
Sakura grins.
Sakura Arakida strides southeast.
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Enter, the
soapeastern expidition 2316."
Lillian Hudson's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Sudsy."
Sakura Arakida's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Lavendery."
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southwest.
Sakura Arakida sniffs at herself.
Sakura Arakida grins.
Sakura Arakida sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower
pattern.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
"Much better," says Sakura.
You hear something fall in the next room.
For a brief moment, everything seems to be normal.
The curtains open, and countless faceless humanoids stare at you from their
seats.
Liam O'Toole bebops in from the southwest.
Melinda says to Liam O'Toole in a Bedford accent, "Hey."
Lily waves to Liam O'Toole.
Sakura says to Liam O'Toole in a Japanese accent, "Salutations liam."
Lily says to Liam O'Toole in a New Earth accent, "Good day!"
Zandria says to Liam O'Toole in an Old Earth accent, "Hii!"
Liam O'Toole hops into the room through the hatch and says, "Hey, folks!"
Liam asks in an Earther accent, "How's it going today?"
Zandria says to Liam, "Rather well. We did find another...star? prestellar mass?
something like that."
Zandria laughs.
Liam exclaims, "Oh, that's great!"
Zandria says, "No kidding."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
"I like masses," says Nissi in a Centaurian accent.
"The pre-stellars are some of the most beautiful ones," says Akemi, "even if
they're not as rare as things like black holes and neutron stars."
"They are," says Sakura. "Rather pretty."
Simon gets a distant look on his face as he ponders.
"True," says Zandria in an Old Earth accent.
Zandria smiles.
Sakura asks, "Don't we have to worry about the black hole sucking us in?"
"Neutron stars?" asks Simon in an English accent.
"Only if we approach dangerously close," Akemi says. "Closer than we'd approach
to most stars."
"And I don't want to know what would happen," Zandria says.
Sakura laughs.
Sakura says, "Newtron stars all blue and pretty."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Zandria says, "And black holes, all sucky and void-like."
"And all black and holy," Simon says.
Sakura snickers at Simon.
Zandria laughs.
"Not holy as in divine," Simon says. "Holy as in a newly invented adjective."
"Neutron stars are the corpses of some sorts of stars," Akemi says. "Instead of
blowing up properly and recycling their matter into material for new stars and
plants, they collapsed in on themselves and their matter turned all weird."
Sakura nods.
"Wouldn't those be black holes then?" Simon asks.
Sakura says, "Yep."
Sakura says, "No."
Sakura says, "Not all dying stars turn into black holes."
"Black holes turn even weirder," Akemi says.
"Example when sol dies it will turn into a white dwarf," Sakura says. "A much
larger star than our sol will turn into a black whole."
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southwest.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Simon waves to Lillian Hudson.
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southeast.
Melinda waves.
Lily waves.
Lillian Hudson removes a purple plastic paper dispenser from an azure blue silk
backpack embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Lillian Hudson examines a purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Lillian Hudson makes a selection on a purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of pink paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting hand.
Zandria exclaims, "Damn!"
Lillian Hudson puts a purple plastic paper dispenser in an azure blue silk
backpack embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
"Hi!" Kim Saunders waves.
Lillian Hudson waves to Zandria.
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Lillian waves to Lily and waves to Melinda.
Sakura waves to Lillian.
Lillian Hudson gives a sheet of pink paper to Melinda Michaels.
Lillian Hudson activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
"Oh, we're going more east now?" Lillian asks.
Simon Collins activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
Melinda Michaels puts a sheet of pink paper in a black canvas gear bag.
Sakura Arakida activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lillian
Hudson's shoulder.
"Torus ndb locater is now at 3," Sakura says. "And it was at 5 not too long
ago."
Melinda says to Lillian, "You are a silly perv. Or is that Isis?"
Melinda smirks.
Nathaniel Owens suddenly awakens.
Lillian says to Melinda, "Wait, what?"
Lillian gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Melinda laughs.
"Yep," says Kim, "we are definitely making good speed again."
Melinda says to Lillian, "I was going for confusion."
Michael yawns.
Melinda says to Michael in a Bedford accent, "Yo."
Michael says to Melinda, "Yo."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
Lillian says to Melinda, "Well, you win. What should your prize be?"
Lillian gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
A high-pitched whine fills your senses.
Michael asks in a Candelaria accent, "Win what?"
Sakura snickers.
Sakura Arakida leans close to Zandria Marschaund and whispers something in her
ear.
Sakura winks at Zandria.
Lillian Hudson removes a slender purple dildo from an azure blue silk backpack
embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Lillian considers a slender purple dildo thoughtfully.
Melinda laughs.
Lillian Hudson puts a slender purple dildo in an azure blue silk backpack
embroidered with golden yellow dragonflies.
Melinda asks, "That?"
Melinda asks, "Where's the candy?"
Sakura laughs.
Lillian says to Melinda, "That uncle guy has it."
Melinda says, "Oh, wait, I don't like candy."
Sakura leans on Zandria.
Lillian says to Melinda, "Also... yeah that."
Lillian snaps her fingers.
Lillian Hudson stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lillian Hudson strides southwest.
Zandria leans on Sakura.
Zandria snaps her fingers.
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southeast.
Lillian Hudson gives a small red and white bag of hot ranch popcorn to Melinda
Michaels.
Melinda says to Lillian Hudson, "I get two prises?"
Melinda Michaels selects a single fluffy popped kernel from a small red and
white bag of hot ranch popcorn and eats it.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Michael Winters, Lily Kaise, Nissi Valdaire, and Melinda
Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund
and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream oriental rug. Simon Collins, Nathaniel
Owens, and Kim Saunders are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Liam
O'Toole and Lillian Hudson are standing here.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
Sakura Arakida stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Sakura Arakida strides southeast.
Lillian Hudson asks in an Old Earth accent, "Why two?"
Melinda taps a small red and white bag of hot ranch popcorn.
Lillian says to Melinda, "No? That's your oen. Did you want the other thing to
be your prize?"
Lillian smirks.
Lillian says, "One."
Melinda laughs. "You said it was."
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southeast.
Sakura Arakida stirs a cold cherry cola float a bit and then digs around for a
spoonful of ice cream and eats it.
Lillian laughs at Melinda.
Sakura Arakida selects a single fluffy popped kernel from a small red and white
bag of hot popcorn with extra butter and eats it.
Melinda Michaels reaches repeatedly into a small red and white bag of hot ranch
popcorn, coming up with single kernels of popcorn and tossing them into her
mouth one by one.
Lillian says to Melinda, "Well, we can do that later if you want. I don't need
an excuse for that."
Michael just remains completely quiet.
Melinda pats herself on the back.
Melinda Michaels says, OOCly, "Oy."
Melinda pats Michael on the back.
Sakura Arakida reaches repeatedly into a small red and white bag of hot popcorn
with extra butter, coming up with single kernels of popcorn and tossing them
into her mouth one by one.
Sakura Arakida gets a handful of popcorn from a small red and white bag of hot
popcorn with extra butter and eats it several kernels at a time.
Sakura Arakida eats a few fluffy kernels from a small red and white bag of hot
popcorn with extra butter.
Melinda says to Michael, "Are you alright?"
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Melinda Michaels gets a handful of popcorn from a small red and white bag of hot
ranch popcorn and eats it several kernels at a time.
Lillian Hudson scrambles to her feet.
Lillian Hudson strides southwest.
Sakura Arakida digs down into a small red and white bag of hot popcorn with
extra butter, coming up with a half dozen fluffy kernels, which she eats all at
once.
Sakura Arakida gets a handful of popcorn from a small red and white bag of hot
popcorn with extra butter and eats it.
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southeast.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lillian Hudson stirs a Bourbon County Stout float a bit and then digs around for
a spoonful of ice cream and eats it.
Sakura Arakida eats several small but fluffy popped kernels from a small red and
white bag of hot popcorn with extra butter.
Sakura Arakida tips a small red and white bag of hot popcorn with extra butter,
shakes the last of its contents into her mouth, then crumples up the empty
container and tosses it into a nearby trash bin.
Kim says, "I think I need food."
Melinda grins.
Sakura Arakida says in a Japanese accent, "Food is good."
Lillian Hudson eats a spoonful of drippy ice cream from a Bourbon County Stout
float.
Melinda says, "Ice cream."
Kim Saunders scrambles to her feet.
Kim Saunders strolls southeast.
Melinda asks, "Where is Tanny?"
Melinda smirks.
Lillian Hudson says in an Old Earth accent, "Over there."
Lillian taps a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device.
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "Oh god."
Michael snickers.
Melinda grins at Nathaniel.
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southeast.
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Lillian says to Kim Saunders, "Right?"
Nathaniel says to Melinda, "You just had to remind me of that."
Melinda says to Nathaniel in a Bedford accent, "What, didn't you get a chance to
go for the ice cream?"
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a cream oriental rug. Liam
O'Toole and Sakura Arakida are standing here. Michael Winters, Lily Kaise, Nissi
Valdaire, Melinda Michaels, and Lillian Hudson are sitting on a rare black
EAOSian contoured couch. Simon Collins, Nathaniel Owens, and Kim Saunders are
sitting on a black leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
Simon Collins stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
Sakura says, "Why on earth do we want to know where tanny is..."
Sakura Arakida glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
Simon Collins meanders in from the southwest.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins says in an English accent, "I love these."
Simon points at a B.L.T. sandwich.
Nathaniel says to Sakura, "I'll let mel explain."
Simon Collins takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Kim Saunders glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Nathaniel Owens glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Michael Winters glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Simon Collins glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Lillian Hudson glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Nathaniel asks, "Have we even said hi since we left?"
Lillian nods to Nathaniel.
Lillian says to Nathaniel in an Old Earth accent, "Check the log."
Sakura says to Nathaniel in a Japanese accent, "Yeah we have."
Nathaniel Owens asks, OOCly, "How?"
Melinda says to Sakura, "Tanny wants ice cream lickers basically."
Sakura blinks at Melinda.
Lillian Hudson says, OOCly, "Use quantum, or any variation thereof."
Sakura Arakida eats a spoonful of drippy ice cream from a cold cherry cola
float.
Sakura shrugs.
You scratch at your arm, and a perfectly rectangular sheet of skin peels off.
Kim Saunders gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Simon Collins takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus flicks its tongue out from its perch on Melinda
Michaels's shoulder.
"Yes," says Kim, "we have sent a few messages."
Kim says, "People should definitely know we are alive."
Nathaniel asks, "Have we had anything back?"
Kim says, "No."
Lily says, "I don't really think they care haha."
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
Kim says, "Yummy."
"Once more people get home," says Kim, "there might be people who care about the
QE, but right now I doubt we will see any responses."
Simon Collins takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
It feels as if something is trying to force its way out of your skull.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
"So, how are we going to stop everyone from falling asleep?" Kim smiles.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a cream oriental rug. Liam
O'Toole and Sakura Arakida are standing here. Michael Winters, Nissi Valdaire,
Melinda Michaels, and Lillian Hudson are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch. Nathaniel Owens, Kim Saunders, and Simon Collins are sitting on
a black leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
"I did that yesterday," says Melinda. "It's someone elses turn."
Lillian considers a Tardick lizard named Isis thoughtfully.
Lillian says to a Tardick lizard named Isis in an Old Earth accent, "You need to
learn tricks."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
"I could deonstrate how horibly I can play my guitar," says Simon, "but I'd need
something to plug it into as it's an electric one..."
Melinda says in a Bedford accent, "Hmm."
"Hmm," says Kim, "I have a guitar, have not played in a while though."
"Same," says Simon.
Lillian examines the various boards and controls, then stares at the computer
speakers for a moment.
"Anyone in for a word guessing game?" Kim gets a distant look on her face as she
ponders.
Nathaniel says, "Sure."
Lillian looks at Kim thoughtfully.
Melinda asks, "Hmm, what type of word game?"
"Ok, it goes like this," Kim says. "I have a word in mind. You guys have to
figure out which one. You do this by asking me whether a certain letter is in
it. If it is, I tell you where in the word you find it. If it is not... hmm....
there needs to be a consequence for that."
Lillian says, "Always with teh consequences."
Lillian grins.
Lillian says, "The."
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
"Hmm," says Melinda.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lillian Hudson eats a spoonful of ice cream from a Bourbon County Stout float
then stirs the drink, blending the ice cream and beverage together.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Simon Collins scrambles to his feet.
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Simon Collins meanders in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Simon Collins says in an English accent, "You need to drink one of those for
every wrong letter."
Simon points at a shot of tequila.
Melinda laughs.
"Ok, we start with 10 points," Kim says. "For each letter you ask that is not in
the word, we take off one point."
Lillian says, "I like Simon's better."
Lillian grins.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lillian Hudson upends a Bourbon County Stout float and drinks the rest of the
creamy beverage.
Kim laughs.
Melinda says, "Drink all the booze."
Nathaniel says to Simon, "Awesome idea. Now you just got so many wrong letters
from speaking a sentence."
Simon says to Nathaniel in an English accent, "Thing is the game hasn't even
started yet, but if you inst..."
Simon Collins quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Kim giggles.
Simon Collins finishes off a B.L.T. sandwich.
Simon Collins puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lillian says to Kim, "So, do you have a word?"
Kim nods.
Lillian gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Lillian asks, "Is there an O?"
Melinda says, "Z."
Kim says, "We just need to make sure everyone gets their turns."
Simon says to Kim, "S?"
Nathaniel says to Kim, "N."
"Oh let's slow down then," Melinda says.
Lillian laughs.
"One moment," says Kim.
Lillian grins.
"We should roll for turns," Lillian says.
Melinda says to Lillian, "Hush Reets."
Lillian Hudson stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
A Tardick lizard named Isis flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lillian
Hudson's shoulder.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Lillian does a little jig.
Kim Saunders removes a pair of yellow plastic dice from a sturdy jungle
camouflage canvas backpack.
Kim Saunders puts down a pair of yellow plastic dice.
Lillian smirks.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "I might have to go in a min for a sec because i'll
be getting out of a car."
A member of the audience's lack of face suddenly twists into itself, forming
countless mouths, gasping for relief.
Melinda waves to the audience.
Kim asks, "Are 2 dice enough to roll?"
Lillian Hudson rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 5 and 5.
Simon says, "Let us play for their amusement."
Lillian nods.
Melinda Michaels rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 2 and 6.
"8," says Melinda.
Lillian points at the member of the audience with many mouths, then waves at the
rest.
Simon Collins rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 2 and 2.
Nathaniel Owens rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 2 and 2.
Lillian points at Simon and points at Nathaniel.
"Reroll?" asks Simon.
Nathaniel Owens rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 5 and 4.
The curtains close, to no applause.
You hear a steady, rhythmic sound. The mist clears, and you gaze out through the
window at the passing landscape as the train chugs along.
Melinda says to Simon, "Roll?"
Simon Collins rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 6 and 3.
Simon says, "Oh damn."
Melinda laughs.
Lillian laughs.
Simon Collins rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 3 and 2.
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
Simon says to Nathaniel in an English accent, "Roll?"
Nathaniel says to Simon, "I did."
Nathaniel says to Simon, "5 and 4."
Simon says to Nathaniel in an English accent, "Well I did too now, 3 and 2."
"So," says Melinda, "Lillian, Nathaniel, me and then Simon."
Lillian nods.
Kim says, "Ok."
Lillian says to Kim, "Is there an O?"
"I tell you," says Kim, "the word has 10 letters."
"Many letters," says Lillian.
"And yes," says Kim, "the O is in it, on place 9."
Lillian nods.
Nathaniel gets a distant look on his face as he ponders.
Nathaniel says to Kim, "E?"
"Yes," says Kim, "in the first and fourth place."
Melinda says, "T."
"Yes," says Kim, "the T is in the seventh place."
Simon asks, "S?"
"No," says Kim, "there is no S in this word, down to 9 points."
Lillian exclaims, "Drink!"
"Had my first drink already though," Simon says.
Lillian says, "That was before the game started."
Lillian grins.
Nathaniel says to Simon, "Don't care. Get another."
Melinda grins.
Michael says, "The spectators say the first drink don't count."
Simon nods.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a B.L.T. sandwich.
Simon Collins stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
Simon Collins meanders in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise finishes off a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Simon Collins quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Lillian cheers for Simon Collins!
Simon Collins puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Kim giggles.
Lily Kaise finishes off a B.L.T. sandwich.
Lily Kaise puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lillian gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
"Anyone want to take a guess of the word at this time?" Kim asks.
Lillian shakes her head.
Simon Collins shakes his head.
Lillian says to Kim, "N?"
"Yes," says Kim, "the N is in the tenth place."
Nathaniel says, "I."
"Yes," says Kim, "the I is in the sixth and eighth place."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria turns to regard its surroundings from its perch
on Lily Kaise's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
A Tardick lizard named Isis, perched on Lillian Hudson's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Kim says to Melinda, "Melinda?"
Melinda says, "R."
"No," says Kim, "there is no R in this word."
Nathaniel Owens scrambles to his feet.
Nathaniel Owens strides southeast.
Nathaniel Owens strides in from the southeast.
Nathaniel Owens gives a shot of tequila to Melinda Michaels.
Melinda Michaels quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Melinda Michaels puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Kim giggles.
Simon asks, "L?"
"Oh dear.... No," says Kim, "there is.. no L in this word."
Simon Collins stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
Simon Collins meanders in from the southeast.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Nathaniel Owens says to Simon Collins, "Third drink of the night."
Lillian grins.
Simon Collins forcefully hurls a shot glass at a shiny yellow trash bin.
It falls inside.
Nathaniel Owens says to Simon Collins, "Dude with your luck your going to be
passed out by the next word."
Lillian says to Kim in an Old Earth accent, "Can I guess the word?"
Simon Collins says to Nathaniel Owens in an English accent, "Probably, imma
gonna get shlshed."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus turns to regard its surroundings from its perch on
Melinda Michaels's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief
moment.
Lily Kaise picks up herfeet and props them on the coffee table and says ... yeah
I don't want vomit to get on my shoes either.
Kim says to Lillian, "Yes, you may."
Lillian says to Kim in an Old Earth accent, "Expedition."
Kim cheers for Lillian!
Melinda applauds sedately.
Lillian grins.
Zandria exclaims, "Ooooh drinking party!"
Zandria laughs.
Simon Collins says in an English accent, "Everyone accept lillianne get a
shshot."
Lillian says, "Thank you thank you."
Nathaniel Owens says to Zandria, "Only simon and melinda, there the only 2 with
wrong letters."
Simon Collins stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon says, "Oy."
Nathaniel Owens says to Simon, "I didn't."
"Wait," says Melinda, "that wasn't part of the rules."
Zandria Marschaund helps herself to a shot of cognac.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Zandria Marschaund quickly drains a shot of cognac.
Kim says, "I did ask whether people wanted to guess after the first round, too."
"Yup," says Melinda.
Simon says to Zandria, "That's the spirit, litterally."
Zandria laughs.
"So," asks Lillian, "should I come up with a word now?"
Simon chortles.
Melinda says, "I mean the taking a drink if we don't guess the word."
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos', and a pair
of yellow plastic dice here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a cream oriental rug. Liam
O'Toole is standing in a stupor. Michael Winters, Nissi Valdaire, Melinda
Michaels, Lillian Hudson, and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch. Sakura Arakida and Nathaniel Owens are standing here. Kim
Saunders and Simon Collins are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
"Sure," says Zandria. "Why not?"
Nathaniel Owens says to Melinda, "Oh but it was."
glance
You glance around at your surroundings.
Nathaniel Owens says to Melinda, "If we got a wrong letter we had to drain a
shot."
Melinda nods to Nathaniel Owens. "Yes."
"No," says Kim in a New Bristol accent, "that was not a rule, the drinking when
not guessing the word."
Zandria Marschaund drops a shot glass.
Simon says to Kim, "Fine then. Let's just move on then."
Zandria Marschaund picks up a shot glass.
Zandria Marschaund removes a short-sleeved crimson satin blouse with a round
neckline from a silver silk backpack embroidered with cerulean blue dragons.
Zandria Marschaund returns a short-sleeved crimson satin blouse with a round
neckline to a silver silk backpack embroidered with cerulean blue dragons.
Kim says to Lillian, "Do you have a word?"
Lillian nods to Kim.
Zandria Marschaund puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Kim says, "Right, let's roll."
Lillian grins.
Zandria grins.
Kim Saunders rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 1 and 2.
Simon Collins rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 6 and 2.
Melinda Michaels rolls around on the ground.
Kim says, "#."
Kim says, "3."
"Good enough," says Melinda.
Melinda smirks.
Zandria Marschaund rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 1 and
3.
Lillian chortles at Melinda.
Kim says to Melinda, "How do I count that, as 0?"
Nathaniel Owens rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 1 and 2.
Melinda Michaels rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 6 and 2.
Simon Collins rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 6 and 3.
Kim says, "Uhm."
"Who needs to roll again?" Kim asks.
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "Need a few mins. Bout to get out of the car and
yeah. Just continue."
Simon says to Kim, "Mel."
"I wasnt' paying attention," says Lillian. "I was counting the letters in my
head."
Melinda says, "Kim and uh whomever else got three."
Kim says, "Nathaniel."
Kim Saunders rolls around on the ground.
Melinda laughs.
"Oh," says Kim, "no, look at what I've just done."
Lillian giggles at Kim.
Simon starts to roll but rolls from the sofa onto the ground.
Zandria Marschaund suddenly drops to the ground, appearing to fight dramatically
with herself.
Simon says, "Ah crap."
Simon Collins stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Kim cleans the cola off her clothes and the floor.
Lillian blinks and glances around at her surroundings.
Lillian says to Melinda, "The madness."
Zandria laughs.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Melinda says to Lillian, "They are mad."
Kim says to Akemi in a New Bristol accent, "Sorry for what I just did to your
ship."
Kim Saunders rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 2 and 6.
Simon Collins rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 1 and 6.
Simon says, "Oh crap."
Simon says, "Disregard that roll."
Akemi says to Kim, "There's a bucket and dishcloth on the shelf in the storage
room if you made a real mess. Otherwise we can just use a sonic cleanliness
engforcer once it dries."
"So, Simon, me, Kim and Xandria," Melinda says. "I dunno why Nathaniel isn't
responding."
Lillian says, "Right."
Zandria nods.
Lillian says, "The word is twelve letters."
Melinda says, "Gee."
"S?" asks Simon.
Zandria says, "R."
Lillian says, "Stop stop."
Lillian says to Melinda, "Turns is a thing."
Lillian grins at Melinda.
Kim giggles.
Lillian Hudson kisses Melinda Michaels on the nose.
Melinda says to Lillian, "It's a thing?"
Lillian says to Simon, "No S. More booze for you."
Simon Collins stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Lillian says to Melinda, "It is now."
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
Melinda says, "A."
Simon Collins meanders in from the southeast.
Simon Collins quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
"Oh no," says Kim, "this is gonna end up really bad."
Simon Collins says in an English accent, "Oh it ish going to."
Melinda giggles.
Lillian says to Melinda, "One A. It's the fourth letter."
Melinda nods.
Simon Collins puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Lillian smirks at Simon.
Zandria says, "R."
Lillian says to Zandria in an Old Earth accent, "To the booze with you!"
Zandria Marschaund helps herself to a shot of cognac.
Lillian grins.
Zandria Marschaund quickly drains a shot of cognac.
Lillian pokes Nathaniel in the ribs!
Simon says, "Vucking finally."
Zandria Marschaund puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Kim asks, "E?"
Melinda nods to Kim.
A Tardick lizard named Isis, perched on Lillian Hudson's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Lillian nods to a plastic sword of the true king for some reason. "Three Es, in
the first, eighth, and tenth places."
Lillian Hudson exclaims, OOCly, "Woops!"
Lillian nods to Kim. "Three Es, in the first, eighth, and tenth places."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria turns to regard its surroundings from its perch
on Lily Kaise's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
"Ok," says Kim.
Zandria says, "Yeeaaaaahhh booiiiiiiie."
Zandria says, "Yeeaaaaahhh booiiiiiiie."
Akemi asks, "Yeah?"
A Tardick lizard named Zeus curls its tail loosely around Melinda Michaels's
neck.
Kim laughs.
Zandria says o?
chuckle
You chuckle.
"What wash that?" asks Simon.
Melinda says, "C."
Lillian says to Melinda, "Nope!"
"Oh," says Melinda.
Melinda Michaels scrambles to her feet.
Melinda Michaels strolls southeast.
Melinda Michaels strolls in from the southeast.
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Melinda Michaels quickly drains a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Melinda Michaels puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "Woo."
Melinda says, "That's two drinks."
sit couch
You're already sitting.
Lillian applauds at Melinda.
"That'sh nothin," says Simon.
"I," says Zandria.
Lillian looks at Zandria thoughtfully.
Simon asks, "Wait, whoshe turn ish it?"
Lillian says to Zandria in an Old Earth accent, "Nope!"
Zandria Marschaund scrambles to her feet.
Zandria Marschaund lopes southeast.
Melinda says, "Kim's now."
Kim says, "Let me think."
Zandria Marschaund lopes in from the southeast.
Zandria Marschaund sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Zandria Marschaund quickly drains a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Zandria Marschaund puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Kim asks, "V?"
Lillian asks, "Wait... Which one of you started off?"
Lillian glances around at her surroundings.
Kim says, "I am confused, and that without drink."
Nathaniel Owens says, OOCly, "Back."
"Simon, me, Xandria," says Melinda.
Kim says, "Melinda said it was my turn."
Lillian says to Kim, "I think you're before Zandria was, but it doesn't matter
too much. Simon will just go next. Anyway, no. No V."
Melinda applauds sedately.
"Does anyone want to guess?" Lillian asks.
"Help..." says Kim.
Kim Saunders scrambles to her feet.
Kim Saunders strolls southeast.
Zandria Marschaund says in an Old Earth accent, "T."
Lillian says to Zandria, "Wait your turn."
Lillian grins.
Zandria says, "Oops."
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southeast.
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Kim Saunders says in a New Bristol accent, "Oops."
Kim Saunders quickly drains a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Simon asks, "T?"
Lillian cheers for Kim!
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
The sound of the train echoes as it passes into a tunnel. A few moments later,
it emerges again and all is back to normal.
Melinda Michaels eats a few fluffy kernels from a small red and white bag of hot
ranch popcorn.
"Nobody wants to guess, right?" Lillian asks.
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Melinda says, "Not me."
se
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, a Tardick
lizard named Freyja, and a Tardick lizard named Raissa here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
s
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, and Sassie the large fuchsia felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
s
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, and Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo
here.
You can go north, east, and west.
s
You can't go that way.
You can't go that way.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, and Shule Elemmire's workbench here.
You can go east.
l work
This workbench's supplies include aerogel block: 7, alien maintenance tools: 12,
antigravity emitter: 9, articulated robotic hand: 42, capacitor: 2864,
chemiluminesent: 4, circuit board: 297, electromagnetic nozzle: 1, electronic
interrupt: 2, enclosed negmatter sphere: 6, force multiplier: 48, glyph energy
source: 314, glyph replicator: 243, handful of metal bolts: 25, handful of metal
scales: 10, handful of metal screws: 25, helmet assembly: 5, hoverbot chassis:
1, hydraulic fluid ampoule: 704, hydraulic piston: 1030, instasteel caulk: 5,
instamold plastic brick: 50, large battery: 8, liquid crystal ampoule: 155, long
metal tube: 50, medium metal frame: 50, medium battery: 5, medium metal chassis:
101, metal gripper: 817, metal cylinder: 452, metal arm: 6, metal thread: 100,
metal ingot: 38028, miniaturized computer chip: 1222, nylon thread: 100, nysteel
fabric: 1, nysteel thread: 10, plastic panel: 50, plastic bead: 7190, quantum
attunement pod: 15, RATS quicksynth: 34, RATS nanite capacitor: 36, signal
amplifier: 49, small battery: 1, small metal chassis: 100, small plastic
chassis: 25, small plastic board: 100, spread-spectrum metafrequency transmitter
module: 1, standard acid mixture: 7, superconducting webbing: 14,
superconducting thread: 16, superacid mixture: 70, tiny plastic chassis: 9,
transistor: 2952, transparisteel plate: 63, wiring: 10027, wormhole sensor: 31,
wormhole drive core: 365, and wormhole microprocessor module: 27.
It has Basic Space Preparedness, Basic Communications, Basic Starship
Furnishings, Basic Circuitry, Logic Systems, Basic Metal Fabrication, Metal
Starship Decorations, Basic Metalwork, Advanced Metal Fabrication, Advanced
Metalwork, Advanced Starship Furnishings, Starship Enhancement Modules, Advanced
Communications, Advanced Space Preparedness, Advanced Circuitry, Basic
Engineering Technique, Basic Chemical Etching, Basic Chemical Synthesis,
Advanced Chemical Etching, Advanced Chemical Synthesis, Expert Metalwork, Expert
Communications, Expert Circuitry, Basic Plastic Molds, Expert Plastic Molds,
Basic Synthetic Fibers, Advanced Synthetic Fibers, Advanced Plastic Molds,
Expert Synthetic Fibers, Starship Decals, Basic Sonics, Advanced Sonics, Expert
Sonics, Advanced Engineering Technique, Expert Engineering Technique,
Augmentation Technique, Basic Space Assault, Expert Space Assault, and Advanced
Space Assault installed.
It has blueprints for salvaged temporary wormhole drive, hatch repair kit,
wormhole drive tracer, charge booster, dual band metafrequency transmitter
tuner, spread-spectrum metafrequency transmitter module, basic einrophone memory
expansion, solid pilot's crib, nylon sleeping harness, storage netting, nylon
relaxation hammock, circuit board, small battery, stun cartridge, low-quality
fractal tuner, motion sensor, makeshift standard sensor array, makeshift
extradimensional sensor array, handful of metal bolts, handful of metal screws,
metal thread, small metal tube, curiously moulded widget, small metal pole,
small metal spike, large metal spike, set of small metal spikes, small
decorative chain, spiky decorative chain, length of barbed wire, metal spoiler,
tailfin, satellite dish, antenna, metal grille, exhaust vent, metal table, metal
container, small metal chassis, small metal frame, handful of metal scales,
small metal plate, medium metal plate, long metal tube, helmet assembly, metal
plate, metal sphere, medium metal chassis, medium metal frame, nylon-netted
chair, transparisteel storage case, vacuum-hardened transparisteel storage case,
reinforced optics unit, enhanced starship gaseous exchange pump unit, starship
timekeeping display, triple band metafrequency transmitter tuner, improved
einrophone memory expansion, improved temporary wormhole drive, sonic ship
cleanliness enforcer, hyperspanner, manual zero-point energy receptacle charger,
medium battery, aquarium light, aquarium bubbler, basic quickpatch, basic battle
restoration, basic energy dump, basic battle recharge, etched plastic board,
cheap plastic plaque, steel plaque, space-age epoxy, instasteel caulk, nylon
thread, instamold plastic brick, standard acid mixture, instaetch compound,
plasteel plaque, transparisteel plaque, nysteel thread, plasteel plate,
transparisteel plate, transparisteel sphere, superacid mixture, aerogel block,
chemiluminesent, large metal chassis, large metal frame, quadruple band
metafrequency transmitter tuner, advanced einrophone memory expansion, large
battery, tiny plastic chassis, small plastic chassis, handgun assembly, small
plastic board, pair of plastic testicles, small plastic tube, small fishbowl,
small aquarium, large plastic chassis, hand cannon assembly, sample container,
large aquarium, small nylon strap, medium nylon strap, nylon fabric, large nylon
strap, reinforced nylon fiber, medium plastic chassis, rifle assembly, plastic
panel, stun turret assembly, medium aquarium, nysteel fabric, small nysteel
strap, medium nysteel strap, large nysteel strap, racing stripe, gout of flames,
EAOS logo, AEU logo, League logo, Fringe logo, Mutuality logo, stylized Jinu
decal, stylized heart pierced by a dagger decal, stylized kitten decal, stylized
apparently dead Outsider decal, stylized rocketship decal, stylized planet
decal, stylized torus decal, stylized bomb decal, gigantically oversized pair of
sunglasses, small sonic emitter, sonic disruption calculation unit, low-quality
small sonic emitter, medium sonic emitter, low-quality medium sonic emitter,
hypersonic transducer, large sonic emitter, low-quality large sonic emitter,
advanced quickpatch, advanced battle restoration, advanced energy dump, advanced
battle recharge, expert quickpatch, expert battle restoration, expert energy
dump, expert battle recharge, hatch cracker, scorched metal thigh holster,
battered metal chest holster, wrist-mounted chronometer, gleaming set of
handcuffs, pitted set of handcuffs, hardened hatch cracker, battered set of
mercenary's manacles, improved hatch cracker, stun trap, set of nysteel-reinforc
ed bounty hunter's restraints, vibro-baton, basic damage output boost, force
amplifier, electromagnetic nozzle, portable battlesuit refurbishment tool,
chaingun resistance boost, expert damage output boost, advanced engineering
technique toolset, and improved engineering technique toolset.
You see an antenna, an antenna, an antenna, an antenna, a humanoid service robot
blueprint, and an antenna on top of it.
Type LIST WORKBENCH to see what you can make, and USE WORKBENCH to make things.
take long metal tube from work
There are 50 of those. How many do you want to take?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
n
Not a valid number.
take work
You pick up Shule Elemmire's workbench.
put work in briefcase
You open a leather briefcase for a moment.
You put Shule Elemmire's workbench in a leather briefcase.
e
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, and Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo
here.
You can go north, east, and west.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
n
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, and Sassie the large fuchsia felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
use vending
You examine a large silver vending machine for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Cheese and Cheese Biscuit with Cheese
[2] Cheeseburger with the Works
[3] B.L.T. Sandwich
[4] Tuna Salad Sandwich
[5] Peanut Butter Sandwich
[6] Ice Cream Sandwich
Enter your selection:
6
You press a button on a large silver vending machine, and after several noisy
clicks, thumps, and hisses from inside it, a small dispensing door opens in the
front of it, and a cold ice cream sandwich slides out, straight into your
waiting hand.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, a Tardick
lizard named Freyja, and a Tardick lizard named Raissa here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos', and a pair
of yellow plastic dice here.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Akemi Bando is sitting
on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison and Nissi Valdaire are dozing on a
rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Liam O'Toole is standing in a stupor. Sakura
Arakida and Nathaniel Owens are standing here. Michael Winters, Lillian Hudson,
Lily Kaise, and Melinda Michaels are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch. Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a cream oriental rug. Simon Collins and
Kim Saunders are sitting on a black leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
"Oh," says Nathaniel, "and because I wasn't playing this round, sec."
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
eat sandwich
You take a bite of a cold ice cream sandwich.
Nathaniel Owens strides southeast.
Nathaniel Owens strides in from the southeast.
eat sandwich
You take a bite of a cold ice cream sandwich.
Nathaniel Owens sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Lillian says to Melinda, "Another drink for the lovely lady."
Nathaniel Owens quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Lillian grins.
"Damn," says Melinda.
Nathaniel Owens quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Nathaniel Owens forcefully hurls a shot glass at a shiny yellow trash bin.
It falls inside.
Melinda Michaels stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Nathaniel Owens forcefully hurls a shot glass at a shiny yellow trash bin.
It falls inside.
Melinda Michaels strolls southeast.
Melinda Michaels strolls in from the southeast.
eat sandwich
You take a bite of a cold ice cream sandwich.
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
eat sandwich
You take a bite of a cold ice cream sandwich.
eat sandwich
You finish off a cold ice cream sandwich.
A Tardick lizard named Isis, perched on Lillian Hudson's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Nathaniel Owens says in a Candelarian accent, "There, double shotted."
Melinda Michaels quickly drains a cool pint of Marzore Dark.
Melinda Michaels puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
"Oy, I have already lost the plot," Kim says. "This is bad."
Melinda Michaels chuckles.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Zandria laughs.
Nathaniel says to Kim, "Drunk after 1?"
Lily laughs.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Simon chortles.
Lillian says, "Hey, maybe Kim's a lightweight..."
Lillian shrugs.
"It can happen," says Lillian.
Kim says, "Yaa, not big alcohol tolerance."
Melinda says to Kim, "If you have to drink something else, get the wine."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus turns to regard its surroundings from its perch on
Melinda Michaels's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief
moment.
Lillian nods to Melinda.
"I have a good tollerents," Nathaniel says. "Just you wait."
"Don't under-estimate the potency of good wine!" Lily exclaims in a New Earth
accent.
Lily laughs.
Simon says to Nathaniel, "Jusht for shaying that you're getting another shot."
Nathaniel says to Simon, "Fine, bring it."
Kim says, "Oh hell no."
Simon Collins stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
grin lily
You grin at Lily.
Simon Collins meanders in from the southeast.
Simon Collins gives a shot of tequila to Nathaniel Owens.
Nathaniel Owens says into the PA microphone, "Get me 2 while your at it."
Lillian says to Kim, "Do you have a guess?"
Nathaniel Owens quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Lily winks at you.
Nathaniel Owens forcefully hurls a shot glass at a shot glass.
It falls to the ground.
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Nathaniel Owens picks up a shot glass.
Kim says, "I forgot what has been guessed so far."
Nathaniel Owens forcefully hurls a shot glass at a shiny yellow trash bin.
It falls inside.
Nathaniel says to Simon Collins, "You done?"
Lillian shrugs. "Just give it your best shot."
Simon Collins says to Nathaniel, "Shshure."
Nathaniel says to Simon Collins, "Good."
Kim asks, "Ok, uhm, M for marie?"
Lillian says to Kim, "Yep. One of those. It's the ninth letter."
Lillian points at Zandria.
Zandria says, "L."
Nathaniel asks, "Wait what word are we guessing?"
Simon Collins says to Nathaniel, "Did you really ashk that?"
Melinda laughs.
Lillian says to Nathaniel, "The whole point is to figure that out."
Lillian laughs.
Nathaniel says to Simon Collins, "Yeah? I don't know the word, so yeah, I did."
Simon Collins says to Nathaniel, "You're not shupposhed to though."
chuckle and grin
You chuckle and grin.
Nathaniel says to Simon Collins, "If I knew the word I could guess all the
letters in it."
laugh
You laugh.
'Then it wouldn't be guessing
You say, "Then it wouldn't be guessing."
Lillian says to Zandria, "Taht's the seventh letter."
Zandria exclaims, "Weee!"
A conductor asks you for your ticket. You search your pockets, and when you
finally look up to confess you've lost it, he is gone.
Nathaniel says to you in a Candelarian accent, "It would. It would just be
guessing with help."
chuckle nathaniel
You chuckle at Nathaniel.
Nathaniel says, "I'm not that insain, I promice."
"Uh, whose turn?" asks Melinda.
Lillian points at Simon Collins.
Lillian asks in an Old Earth accent, "Does anyone want to guess?"
Simon Collins asks in an English accent, "N?"
l melinda
Melinda Michaels
She appears to be 28 years old. She is about five feet and six inches tall and
has tan skin. Her body is athletic with attractively curved hips and shapely
calves. She has slender shoulders and average-sized breasts. Her abdomen is
attractive and punctuated by a cute navel. Her face is heart-shaped and pretty,
with a button nose and dimpled chin. Her lips are pouty and tan and occasionally
part to reveal a set of white teeth. Beneath a set of expressive eyebrows, her
eyes are hazel and round. Her mid-back length, straight hair is midnight black
and evenly cut in the back but layered in the front to softly frame her face.
She has neatly trimmed clear fingernails.
Running along the length of her right forearm is a tattoo of an iridescent green
ruby-throated hummingbird diving towards a bright pink morning glory vine.
She is wearing a black satin cropped top, a pair of short faded blue
butt-hugging denim shorts, and a pair of sandals.
She is also wearing a black canvas gear bag, a tyrian purple wrist-mounted
chronometer, a silver flat einrophone in a black leather phone holster, and a
Tardick lizard named Zeus perched on her shoulder.
Her head, face, both eyes, neck, both elbows, abdomen, both forearms, both
wrists, both hands, waist, both thighs, both knees, both calves, and both ankles
are left uncovered.
She is carrying a small red and white bag of hot ranch popcorn in her right
hand.
"No guesses?" asks Lillian. "There are three Ns. Letters two, five, and eleven."
"I will say it either ends with ance or ence," Zandria says.
Lillian says to Zandria, "I said no to C, so no."
Zandria says, "Oops."
"Entanglement," says Melinda.
Lillian nods to Melinda and cheers.
Zandria exclaims, "Yay!"
grin
You grin.
"I'm just thinker than I drunk I am," Zandria says.
Lillian giggles at Zandria.
chuckle zandria
You chuckle at Zandria.
A Tardick lizard named Isis curls its tail loosely around Lillian Hudson's neck.
Kim cheers for Melinda!
Lillian Hudson scrambles to her feet.
Lillian Hudson strides southeast.
Lillian Hudson strides in from the southeast.
Lillian Hudson says in an Old Earth accent, "And just because I haven't had a
drink this whole game..."
Lillian Hudson quickly drains a shot of tequila.
Kim laughs.
Lillian Hudson forcefully hurls a shot glass at a shiny yellow trash bin.
It falls inside.
Lillian Hudson sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
"Down to 2 percent on the NDB," Kim says.
locate
You are receiving no signal from the NDB at Earthgate.
You listen for a moment to the extra long-range NDB pings from The Torus. They
seem almost inaudible. The signal strength meter reads: 2%.
Lillian says, "Hopefully all the good stuff is just a little more out there."
Melinda says, "Sec."
Melinda Michaels scrambles to her feet.
Melinda Michaels strolls southeast.
grin
You grin.
Kim Saunders scrambles to her feet.
Kim Saunders strolls southeast.
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southeast.
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
Melinda Michaels strolls in from the southeast.
Melinda Michaels sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Nathaniel Owens scrambles to his feet.
Nathaniel Owens strides southeast.
"Okay," asks Melinda Michaels in a Bedford accent, "do I need a word or are we
done?"
Kim Saunders says in a New Bristol accent, "I will play 1 more round."
"I think I'm going to go lie down for a bit," Lillian says. "You guys should
keep going though."
Lillian Hudson stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lillian Hudson kisses Melinda Michaels on the lips.
Melinda Michaels kisses Lillian Hudson on the lips.
Lillian waves.
Lillian Hudson strides southwest.
wave lillian
I don't see that here.
pa Rest well, Lillian.
You speak into the microphone.
Kim Saunders says into the PA microphone, "Rest well, Lilian."
Zandria Marschaund says into the PA microphone, "Rest well, Lillian."
"I may go lay down as well, headake," Michael says.
Melinda says, "Okay, this one has 5 letters."
Michael Winters stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Kim smiles at Michael.
Kim says to Michael in a New Bristol accent, "Sleep well."
Michael smiles at Kim.
Nathaniel Owens strides in from the southeast.
wave winters
You wave to Michael.
Michael says to Kim, "Thanks."
Michael waves to you.
Nathaniel Owens waves.
Michael Winters strides southeast.
Kim Saunders rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 6 and 5.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Simon Collins rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 4 and 4.
Nathaniel asks, "We playing again?"
Melinda says, "One more for me."
Nathaniel Owens rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 3 and 3.
Zandria Marschaund rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 5 and
6.
Kim nods to Nathaniel.
Nathaniel Owens sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins says, OOCly, "Kay I need to go."
"I'm in for one more round," says Nathaniel, "then i'm probably gonna go crash."
Simon says, "Okay I'll shit out on the resht of the games for now, but
firsht..."
Simon Collins stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins meanders southeast.
Kim says, "Sleep well."
The sound of the train echoes as it passes into a tunnel. A few moments later,
it emerges again and all is back to normal.
Simon Collins meanders in from the southeast.
Simon Collins quickly drains a shot of tequila.
You hear voices crying in panic. "Oh no, the brakes!" The train picks up speed
rapidly.
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
Simon Collins quickly drains a shot of tequila.
The computer announces, "Warning: Entering riftstorm."
Kim says, "Oh, help."
Simon Collins says in an English accent, "Crrrrap..."
Zandria exclaims, "Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck!"
Blake says, "Woo rift storms."
Simon Collins puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Simon Collins puts a shot glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Simon collapses at a black leather sectional sofa.
Simon Collins stands up.
'Woo, storm
You say, "Woo, storm."
Nathaniel says, "Fuuck tthis shiit."
Simon Collins sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Kim says, "Let's put that game on hold until we have figured out what sort of
storm this is."
Simon Collins slumps in a black leather sectional sofa and goes to sleep.
"We can just wait and play later," Melinda says.
"If this storm is of the more calm and manageable variety," says Kim, "it's
fine, if we get blasted, ug."
A Tardick lizard named Zeus, perched on Melinda Michaels's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Nathaniel says, "If we get blasted then fuck that."
Lily exclaims, "Woo another storm!"
nod lily
You nod to Lily.
"But wrong direction..." says Lily.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       10979 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic Eastnortheast and Very Slightly Up (15.0, 15.0)
Riftflow:           13203 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic Northeast
and Slightly Down
Forecast:           CONDITIONS HIGHLY UNPREDICTABLE
Time in Riftflow:   0.MII
Distance Traveled:  5.26 light-trade cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
Nathaniel says, "It's making us go fiarly quick."
Kim says, "Yeah, but where."
Nathaniel says, "Who knoes."
Kim asks, "Any advice for me?"
Melinda says, "I'd just trim."
Melinda says, "So it won't shove us so far back."
Melinda says, "Drift rather."
"Well," says Lily, "we're moving pretty well and the flow is just slightly down
so unless akemi says otherwise..."
Lily nods.
Kim Saunders turns a small dial on the rift drive control board, trimming the
riftsail to 50%.
The train blows its whistle and steam billows as it slows.
"Could we try and divert around it?" Nathaniel asks.
Lily says, "Nathaniel since we can't see how dense it is or other aspects we
really can't."
Nathaniel says, "Ah."
"Yeah," says Kim, "this storm detector would definitely be an advantage."
locate
You are receiving no signal from the NDB at Earthgate.
You listen for a moment to the extra long-range NDB pings from The Torus. They
seem almost inaudible. The signal strength meter reads: 2%.
"If it were an energetic or strange storm," says Kim, "I would ttry to move
around it though."
Kim says to Melinda, "I think this trim is reasonable, the same speed we had
before we hit the storm."
Melinda nods.
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a glass of cold fizzy cola.
The train blows its whistle and steam billows as it slows.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
se
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, and a Tardick
lizard named Freyja here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
Lily Kaise glides southwest.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, a glossy lavender ceramic felo
chow bowl, and a Tardick lizard named Raissa here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
hug lily
I don't see that here.
use popcorn
You examine a large red popcorn popper with chrome accents for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Lightly Salted Popcorn with Light Butter
[2] Cheese Popcorn
[3] Popcorn with Extra Butter
[4] Popcorn with Extra Salt
[5] Dark Chocolate Popcorn
[6] Garlic Popcorn
[7] Ranch Popcorn
[8] Caramel Popcorn
Enter your selection:
Melinda Michaels strolls in from the northwest.
Melinda Michaels strolls down.
8
You press a silver button on the front of a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, and several dozen unpopped corn kernels fall into the machine's
microwave popping bin. The microwave switches on, and the kernels begin popping.
A blower activates, sweeping the popped popcorn up and around the bin where
waving nozzles spray them thoroughly with the desired flavorings, incidentally
leaving quite a mess on the walls of the popping bin, but as the finished
popcorn is sucked into a small red and white paper bag that has sprung up from
the bowels of the machine, a mechanical arm tipped with a squeegee emerges and
cleans the walls of the bin, afterwards grabbing the bag, thrusting it into your
waiting hand, and disappearing whence it came. For a brief moment the jubilant
cacophony of a choir of singing elves can be heard in the distance; then the
sound fades away, and the machine shuts down with a quiet wheeze.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Jasmin the small red glowing felo here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Engineering Deck; Fore]
You see a crudely hammered scrap metal feeding trough here.
You can go north, south, and up.
peer s
You peer south...
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Engineering Room]
The engineering room is much cleaner and sterile than most people expect when
they first board a starship. Though there are some exposed, thick bundles of
wires running here and there, most of the actual workings of the ship are deeper
in its structure. Instead, the room is virtually bare and brightly lit, with one
wall dominated by a large graphical representation of the ship and its
components, alongside current estimates of damage levels. On the right is a
small starmap set into a wall, displaying a bare minimum of information so that
it is not a distraction to the one keeping the ship together. A simple control
board allows the operator to prioritize repairs. Lights overhead indicate that
the ship is on green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship
is inside the riftflow.
You see a cream improved temporary wormhole drive, a modern white pod chair with
a cream leather interior, a wall-sized bubbling coral pink-lit aquarium
containing yellow and blue aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
blue ceramic felo chow bowl, Akemi Bando's workbench, and Kosmo the humanoid
service robot here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Engineering Room]
You see a cream improved temporary wormhole drive, a modern white pod chair with
a cream leather interior, a wall-sized bubbling coral pink-lit aquarium
containing yellow and blue aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
blue ceramic felo chow bowl, Akemi Bando's workbench, and Kosmo the humanoid
service robot here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
status
General Starship status:
HULL PLATING:                                                                   
    League Light Weapon Specialized Plating (281 damage absorption points)
(modified to 125% by hull size and rated at 100% of nominal) (Great resistance
to lasers and great resistance to chainguns)
REACTIONLESS DRIVE:                                                             
    EAOS Dual Reactionless Mk III (Instantaneous velocity: 5079km/s, Maximum
velocity: 25532 km/s, Acceleration Rating: 25.0, Complete Deceleration in 5
seconds) (Running at 85% rated efficiency and 21% rated maximum velocity)
MAIN SENSORS:                                                                   
    EAOS Superstring Perturbation Sensor (Hull Lockon Rate: 25% Wormhole Drive
Lockon Rate: 50% Cloak Resolution Distance: 1 unit)
WEAPONS (Turrets):                                                              
    EAOS Crystalline Optics Laser Mk II is operating at 15 damage per turret
(100% of rated) and is operating at 91% of rated efficiency (Hull Accuracy
Added: 5% Time To Fire: 4s)
WEAPONS (Launchers):                                                            
    Jinu Salvage Miniaturized Plasma Cannon is operating at 100 damage per
launcher (100% of rated) and is operating at 91% of rated efficiency (Hull
Accuracy Added: 0% Time To Fire: 4s)
STORAGE:                                                                        
    League Freighter-Class Storage Extender (196% of standard)
MAIN BATTERY:                                                                   
    Feinstein E-Sink v2 (Overall Efficiency: 200% Combat Grid Usage: 110%
Wormhole Drive Usage: 200% Max Engine Speed: 5333km/s) (Maximum Charge: 100% of
standard) (Drain Rate: 86% of standard)
COMBAT ENERGY GRID:                                                             
    Telex Defense "Jackrabbit" Combat Accelerator (Capacity: 1100 Time To
Recharge: 213 seconds)  (modified to 100% by hull size)
TARGET TRACKING ARRAY:                                                          
    Centaurian Extended Range TT Array (Maximum Targets: 2 Range: 2 units Near
Target Retention: 100% Far Target Retention: 80%)
LIFE SUPPORT:                                                                   
    OUT OF SPEC
SENSOR DATA:                                                                    
    Includes Outsider Scan Signatures
SALVAGING EQUIPMENT:
  Salvage range:                                                                
    Normal
  Sensor:                                                                       
    ultimate salvage sensor (Range: 34)
  EMM:                                                                          
    expert salvage electromagnetic manipulator (Response Time: 1.0s)
  Grapple:                                                                      
    mighty salvage grapple IV (Grade: 100 Strength: 15 Bonus Grade: 0)
LONG-RANGE POINT OF INTEREST SENSORS:
  Exploration-Grade (77% of nominal)
MISCELLANEOUS ADD-ONS:
  Bolt cannon:                                                                  
    Ready
  Targeting computer:                                                           
    Functional
  Airlock chime:                                                                
    Functional
  AutoVector navigation unit:                                                   
    Functional
  Rift drive:                                                                   
    Active
  Electromagnetic sail extension:                                               
    Active
  Rift drive impeller:                                                          
    Active
  Anomaly detector:                                                             
    Functional
  Artifact detector:                                                            
    Functional
  Luminosity sensor:                                                            
    Functional
  Proximal beacon directional locator:                                          
    Functional
  Beaconed sector autostop unit:                                                
    Functional
  Beacon signal amplifier:                                                      
    Functional
  Exploration-Grade Long-Range Detection Array:                                 
    Functional
  Scientific sensor rigging:                                                    
    Functional
  Fusion blast chamber:                                                         
    Functional (Wear level: 27.71%)
  Thermal shielding energy reclamation:                                         
    Active
  Space Photography Imager:                                                     
    Functional
  Onboard beacon:                                                               
    Inactive
  Active long-range scanner:                                                    
    Ready
  Planetary surveyor:                                                           
    Functional
  Communications Range Safety System:                                           
    DISABLED
  Deep sensing array:                                                           
    Functional
  Standard NDB Locator:                                                         
    Installed
  Torus Extra Long-Range NDB Locator:                                           
    Installed
  Rift Condition Forecaster:                                                    
    Active
  Wormhole drive:                                                               
    Stabilized
  Time-Scale Modifications:                                                     
    Tandem Cylical Time
  Communications translation interface:                                         
    Functional
  Long-range hypercaster:                                                       
    Ready
  Airlock cycle time:                                                           
    Improved
  Spacesuit radio network:                                                      
    Online
  Local message board:                                                          
    Online
  Quantum entanglement communicator:                                            
    Online
  Gunnery Report Unit:                                                          
    Installed
  Internal Timekeeping Display:                                                 
    Installed
  WARNING: Nonstandard starship computer firmware upgrades detected!
hug lily
You begin familiarizing yourself with the engineering stations and making
various changes to your liking.
You hug Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise hugs you.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "Wow exploration is down to 77 percent."
A large yellow creature in the shape of a three-pointed star with short spines
curls one of its triangular arms briefly, then subsides.
'wow
You say, "Wow."
'Yeah
You say, "Yeah."
Steam billows from the train's engine, obscuring your vision.
With everything arranged, you settle into the damage control station.
The mist turns to black smoke that soon drifts away, and you find that the ship
is on a conveyor belt, moving rapidly through a factory.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "The sensors? That is
a lot."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
pa Yeah, the sensors and it's a lot.
You speak into the microphone.
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "Yeah the energetic storm docked them to
95 and 91 at the lowest so this surprises me particularly that we've reduced
trim to 50."
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
nod lily
You nod to Lily.
Lily wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yeah, it's pretty
bad."
status
"Ah well going back up," Lily says. "Came to check the drive and was curious
about the sensors and how the storm is affecting them."
General Starship status:
HULL PLATING:                                                                   
    League Light Weapon Specialized Plating (281 damage absorption points)
(modified to 125% by hull size and rated at 100% of nominal) (Great resistance
to lasers and great resistance to chainguns)
REACTIONLESS DRIVE:                                                             
    EAOS Dual Reactionless Mk III (Instantaneous velocity: 5079km/s, Maximum
velocity: 25532 km/s, Acceleration Rating: 25.0, Complete Deceleration in 5
seconds) (Running at 85% rated efficiency and 21% rated maximum velocity)
MAIN SENSORS:                                                                   
    EAOS Superstring Perturbation Sensor (Hull Lockon Rate: 25% Wormhole Drive
Lockon Rate: 50% Cloak Resolution Distance: 1 unit)
WEAPONS (Turrets):                                                              
    EAOS Crystalline Optics Laser Mk II is operating at 15 damage per turret
(100% of rated) and is operating at 91% of rated efficiency (Hull Accuracy
Added: 5% Time To Fire: 4s)
WEAPONS (Launchers):                                                            
    Jinu Salvage Miniaturized Plasma Cannon is operating at 100 damage per
launcher (100% of rated) and is operating at 91% of rated efficiency (Hull
Accuracy Added: 0% Time To Fire: 4s)
STORAGE:                                                                        
    League Freighter-Class Storage Extender (196% of standard)
MAIN BATTERY:                                                                   
    Feinstein E-Sink v2 (Overall Efficiency: 200% Combat Grid Usage: 110%
Wormhole Drive Usage: 200% Max Engine Speed: 5333km/s) (Maximum Charge: 100% of
standard) (Drain Rate: 86% of standard)
COMBAT ENERGY GRID:                                                             
    Telex Defense "Jackrabbit" Combat Accelerator (Capacity: 1100 Time To
Recharge: 213 seconds)  (modified to 100% by hull size)
TARGET TRACKING ARRAY:                                                          
    Centaurian Extended Range TT Array (Maximum Targets: 2 Range: 2 units Near
Target Retention: 100% Far Target Retention: 80%)
LIFE SUPPORT:                                                                   
    OUT OF SPEC
SENSOR DATA:                                                                    
    Includes Outsider Scan Signatures
SALVAGING EQUIPMENT:
  Salvage range:                                                                
    Normal
  Sensor:                                                                       
    ultimate salvage sensor (Range: 34)
  EMM:                                                                          
    expert salvage electromagnetic manipulator (Response Time: 1.0s)
  Grapple:                                                                      
    mighty salvage grapple IV (Grade: 100 Strength: 15 Bonus Grade: 0)
LONG-RANGE POINT OF INTEREST SENSORS:
  Exploration-Grade (78% of nominal)
MISCELLANEOUS ADD-ONS:
  Bolt cannon:                                                                  
    Ready
  Targeting computer:                                                           
    Functional
  Airlock chime:                                                                
    Functional
  AutoVector navigation unit:                                                   
    Functional
  Rift drive:                                                                   
    Active
  Electromagnetic sail extension:                                               
    Active
  Rift drive impeller:                                                          
    Active
  Anomaly detector:                                                             
    Functional
  Artifact detector:                                                            
    Functional
  Luminosity sensor:                                                            
    Functional
  Proximal beacon directional locator:                                          
    Functional
  Beaconed sector autostop unit:                                                
    Functional
  Beacon signal amplifier:                                                      
    Functional
  Exploration-Grade Long-Range Detection Array:                                 
    Functional
  Scientific sensor rigging:                                                    
    Functional
  Fusion blast chamber:                                                         
    Functional (Wear level: 27.71%)
  Thermal shielding energy reclamation:                                         
    Active
  Space Photography Imager:                                                     
    Functional
  Onboard beacon:                                                               
    Inactive
  Active long-range scanner:                                                    
    Ready
  Planetary surveyor:                                                           
    Functional
  Communications Range Safety System:                                           
    DISABLED
  Deep sensing array:                                                           
    Functional
  Standard NDB Locator:                                                         
    Installed
  Torus Extra Long-Range NDB Locator:                                           
    Installed
  Rift Condition Forecaster:                                                    
    Active
  Wormhole drive:                                                               
    Stabilized
  Time-Scale Modifications:                                                     
    Tandem Cylical Time
  Communications translation interface:                                         
    Functional
  Long-range hypercaster:                                                       
    Ready
  Airlock cycle time:                                                           
    Improved
  Spacesuit radio network:                                                      
    Online
  Local message board:                                                          
    Online
  Quantum entanglement communicator:                                            
    Online
  Gunnery Report Unit:                                                          
    Installed
  Internal Timekeeping Display:                                                 
    Installed
  WARNING: Nonstandard starship computer firmware upgrades detected!
"Dunno why we didn't check when we were in storms," Lily says.
Lily grins.
nod and girn
You nod and girn cromulently.
grin
You grin.
Lily laughs at you.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Lily hugs you.
Lily chuckles.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
'ok, let's head back up.
You say in a New Phoenician accent, "Ok, let's head back up."
Lily nods.
Lily Kaise glides north.
smile
You smile.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Engineering Deck; Fore]
You see a crudely hammered scrap metal feeding trough here.
You can go north, south, and up.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl,
Jasmin the small red glowing felo, and a Tardick lizard named Raissa here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
Lily Kaise glides up.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
Lily Kaise glides northeast.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, and a Tardick
lizard named Freyja here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos', and a pair
of yellow plastic dice here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is
sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a
modern white pod chair. Nissi Valdaire is dozing on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch. Liam O'Toole and Sakura Arakida are standing in a stupor.
Zandria Marschaund is sitting on a cream oriental rug. Kim Saunders is sitting
on a black leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
eat popcorn
You select a single fluffy popped kernel from a small red and white bag of hot
caramel popcorn and eat it.
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
eat popcorn
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You reach repeatedly into a small red and white bag of hot caramel popcorn,
coming up with single kernels of popcorn and tossing them into your mouth one by
one.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
eat popcorn
You get a handful of popcorn from a small red and white bag of hot caramel
popcorn and eat it several kernels at a time.
eat popcorn
You eat a few fluffy kernels from a small red and white bag of hot caramel
popcorn.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a cup of hot cafe mocha.
eat popcorn
You dig down into a small red and white bag of hot caramel popcorn, coming up
with a half dozen fluffy kernels, which you eat all at once.
eat popcorn
You get a handful of popcorn from a small red and white bag of hot caramel
popcorn and eat it.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
eat popcorn
You eat several small but fluffy popped kernels from a small red and white bag
of hot caramel popcorn.
eat popcorn
You tip a small red and white bag of hot caramel popcorn, shake the last of its
contents into your mouth, then crumple up the empty container and toss it into a
nearby trash bin.
sit couch
You're already sitting.
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a glass of cold fizzy cola.
locate
You are receiving no signal from the NDB at Earthgate.
You listen for a moment to the extra long-range NDB pings from The Torus. They
seem almost inaudible. The signal strength meter reads: 2%.
"Right back," says Kim.
Kim Saunders scrambles to her feet.
Kim Saunders strolls southeast.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southeast.
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
"Still 2 percent on the NDB," says Kim Saunders in a New Bristol accent, "so I
don't think we are being teleported around."
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Kim says, "But we are indeed going straight into the flow."
Kim Saunders rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 2 and 5.
Kim Saunders rolls a pair of yellow plastic dice, and comes up with 1 and 4.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Nathaniel Owens suddenly awakens.
Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Kim Saunders takes a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
Nathaniel Owens slumps in a black leather sectional sofa and goes to sleep.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Sakura Arakida strides out.
Sakura Arakida just entered the ship.
Sakura Arakida strides southwest.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise puts down a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Lily Kaise glides out.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise picks up a cup of hot cafe mocha.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southeast.
Sakura Arakida sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower
pattern.
"We're at 35 percent charge," Sakura Arakida says in a Japanese accent. "Should,
we drop out and shovel stuff?"
Akemi asks, "Why?"
"It was just a question," Sakura says. "Or can we go more. Even though we're at
35 percent charge?"
"It's over six cycles of charge," Akemi says. "More than a day."
"Charge management is important," says Akemi in a Japanese accent, "but so is
making the most of our time."
Sakura blushes.
Sakura says, "Sorry."
Akemi says, "Ideally, we'd find some planets."
Sakura nods to Akemi.
"No," says Akemi, "it's nothing to be embarrassed about."
"As I was saying," says Akemi, "ideally we'd find a planetary system and do our
shoveling while we do the planetary survey."
Sakura nods to Akemi.
Lily Kaise says to Sakura, "Last time we charged, we were at 17 percent and Akmi
had actually specified at 10 percent."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Akemi actually that is."
"Wow," says Sakura. "Ok. Good to know."
Lily says, "Woo that would be wonderful."
"We had found a decent site," says Akemi, "and I figured it was better to make
use of what was in front of us."
Lily nods.
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
"Actually," says Kim, "akemi specified to not let it go down to 10 percent."
'Makes sense.
You say in a New Phoenician accent, "Makes sense."
"And we had a great site to work with," says Kim, "so it was a good timing."
"Staying over 10 percent is my preference," says Akemi, "if only because at 10%
the escape pod system unlocks."
Sakura nods.
Kim nods. "And we really do not need that."
Sakura says, "Uh deffenatly not."
"Well I guess I heard no less than 10 anyway, no need to debate things," Lily
says. "WE're good to go right now."
Lily grins.
"Yeah, we are," says Kim.
grin
You grin.
Sakura asks, "So we've found some planets already?"
"Just not sure I am happy with this annoying course," Kim says.
Kim says, "Mostly because of the storm and it's flow."
"Not athat I've seen on the board," Lily says.
Kim says to Sakura, "Unfortunately, no."
Lily points at a metallic gold touch einrophone.
Akemi says, "We could head more north again."
locate
You are receiving no signal from the NDB at Earthgate.
You listen for a moment to the extra long-range NDB pings from The Torus. They
seem almost inaudible. The signal strength meter reads: 2%.
Kim nods. "Good idea."
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
A large metal arm swings into place over the ship, grabs it, lifts it, and turns
to place it on another conveyor belt.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 90.0, 15.0.
"What happens if now that we're a bit away," asks Sakura, "what happens if we go
due east and up slightly?"
Sakura says, "Or north."
Sakura grins.
Lily says to Sakura, "Did you know about the ship message board?"
Sakura nods to Lily.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
"I checked," says Sakura, "though I've not read through all the places we've
stopped at."
Lily says, "Ah ok I generally try to check it out when I first get going for the
day."
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Lily smiles.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Kim says to Akemi, "I think this will give us some speed."
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      50%
Ship's Speed:       4283 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic North and Very Slightly Up (90.0, 15.0)
Riftflow:           13011 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic
Eastnortheast and Slightly Down
Forecast:           CONDITIONS HIGHLY UNPREDICTABLE
Time in Riftflow:   1.1NJ
Distance Traveled:  5.98 light-trade cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
Akemi says to Kim, "Sure will. Just watch the ship's speed go up as the rift
drive adjusts itself."
"Uh guys," says Sakura. "I know why we're having trouble. Our trim is still 50."
Akemi says to Sakura, "That's intended."
Kim says, "I put it that way."
"Oh?" asks Sakura.
"How come?" asks Sakura.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria turns to regard its surroundings from its perch
on Lily Kaise's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
"Because we are going against the flow in a storm," says Kim, "this gives us
more careful navigation."
"We're in a storm, so trimming down is a good idea," Akemi says. "The bigger
your sails are, the more flow you catch, and if the flow is all the wrong way
you'll just drift off with it instead of going the way you want."
"This is a pretty normal and good speed but not wild," says Kim, "so hopefully
the drift is somewhat minimized."
"Wouldn't drifting in a storm be good though," asks Sakura, "it could throw you
into someplace different and find more stuff?"
Lily shakes her head.
Kim says to Sakura, "It could also get us firmly lost."
"This one is blowing back the way we just came," Akemi says.
Sakura nods.
Kim nods. "That too."
"Also," says Akemi, "storms reduce your rift sensor efficiency."
Sakura says, "Alright."
"So stuff we might have seen," says Akemi, "we'll miss while we're stuck in the
storm."
Kim Saunders scrambles to her feet.
Kim Saunders strolls southeast.
Lily says, "We could more easily miss a target if we're not aware of how far off
course we've been pushed or have drifted."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
There appears to be nothing unique in the nearby riftflow. In realspace, there's
nothing but vacuum all around.
"Alright," says Sakura. "Sorry guys."
Akemi says, "There's nothing to be sorry about, you're learning stuff."
-sakura No need to be sorry
You say to Sakura, "No need to be sorry."
Kim Saunders strolls in from the southeast.
Kim Saunders sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
smile sakura
You smile at Sakura.
Lily smiles. "No bit. I'm glad you are asking questions."
"No big," says Lily.
"And," says Kim Saunders in a New Bristol accent, "our sensors are still taking
a serious hit with this storm."
Kim says to Akemi, "Sensor range down to 78 percent."
Sakura blinks curiously.
Sakura Arakida stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Sakura Arakida strides southwest.
"That's actually good," says Akemi. "It means we're through the thickest part.
It was 77 earlier, right?"
nod akemi
You nod to Akemi.
"Yeah," says Lily.
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
"Oh," says Kim, "you seemed a little out of it so didn't know whether you had
heard."
Kim says, "NDB still at 2 percent."
Akemi says, "I was just enjoying the buzz from that schnapps."
Kim giggles.
"Yeah," says Kim, "uhm, not sure how I am feeling, that was only one glass of
beer."
Akemi says, "Beer's nice."
"Yeah but our trim was still at 100 I think," Lily says.
"Maybe not by the time I got down to the Engineering room," Lily says. "Anyway,
at least it's a little better."
Sakura Arakida strides in from the southwest.
Sakura Arakida sits down on a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower
pattern.
Sakura Arakida says in a Japanese accent, "And life support's out of wack too."
Kim says to Lily, "When you reported it, the trim was already to 50."
Lily says, "That's because of the pets aboard."
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
Kim nods.
Akemi says, "The penalty from having the pets is minimal."
Akemi says, "It amounts to minutes."
Kim says, "But it's stil why life support is out of spec."
Sakura nods.
Akemi says, "People are a much bigger drain on life support."
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a glass of cold fizzy cola.
"How do you know how many people a ship can safely hold before things go crazy?"
Sakura asks.
"Just explaining that it does put life support out of spec," Lily says. "It did
to my exploration scout but we didn't care."
Kim says to Sakura, "The amount of quarters on a ship times 2."
Akemi says to Sakura, "It's generally the number of crew cabins times two."
"On ships without those," says Akemi, "it's whatever the crew requirement is."
"Except for warships," says Kim, "then it's the amount of people needed to
operate the ship."
Sakura says, "So with 8 crew quarters that means 16 people."
Kim nods.
Lily nods.
Kim says, "And that is exactly what we have on board."
"Unless someone replaces them with cryotubes," Sakura says.
"So, Sakura, you've learned a few things now," Akemi says. "Let's say that for
some reason everyone on the ship except you ended up riding an escape pod back
home after an accident with an overloaded fighter."
Akemi asks, "How would you get this ship home?"
Sakura gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
"The premise is kind of silly," says Akemi, "but the idea of being able to make
it back with just the tools on the ship is a good one to have in mind."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
"Wow," says Kim, "I've been a pilot for 18 months and this is my uhm, fifth deep
space trip or so, and even I seriously doubt I'd get this ship home alone."
"Several ways," says Sakura. "Either rift back the way we came. Reverse course.
As best I can and keep an eye on the torus locater and try and figure out how to
get back once it gets louder than it is now."
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a glass of cold fizzy cola.
Akemi asks, "Do you know how to estimate the amount of time it would take you?"
"Or," says Sakura. "If that fails. Go back to one of those roid clusters oh wait
that won't work. I was going to say go to a roid cluster and cut life support,
pod home and hope we can find a charter who can help retrieve the ship after
noting down the designation of the roid cluster, but that won't work."
Sakura looks at Akemi thoughtfully.
"Right," says Akemi, "if it's just you on the ship, there's no one who can pin a
spot on a chart for you."
"Even if I left the ship floating in roid field knew the roid field I wanted to
find, and podded home and found a charter," Sakura says. "To find the field
again?"
Akemi says, "At this distance it'd be very hard to find anything again."
Akemi says, "Not impossible, but very hard."
"Besides that," says Akemi, "it's very hard to find ships that are powered down,
even if the site they're in is known."
"But we left the second of june. And," says Sakura, "have been in the rift for
the past few days, 4 days. Go back through the boards and try to reverse corse
based on where we came from and try to backwards navagate back?"
Sakura asks, "Since you noted how many ltcs you went to and from each place?"
"Difficult," says Akemi, "and error prone at every turn since we were not
perfect in our record keeping and drift would have added error to the courses."
"Or, drop out and send out a ping to see if anyone's around and hope some
helpful group of unregs fly over and give me a lift," Sakura says. "Though that
seems very very unlikely."
'Ummm, more like they'd be there to blow you up.
"Ummm," you say, "more like they'd be there to blow you up."
'Not give you a lift.
You say, "Not give you a lift."
Kim giggles.
"If they knew you were alone, they'd be tempted to steal it," Akemi says. "And I
wouldn't blame them."
'And it might be outsiders.
You say, "And it might be outsiders."
Sakura says, "Hense why I said very very unlikely."
"I think I'd reverse my 45 15 course and hope for good luck," Kim says.
'I'd reverse course and watch the NDB locator signal strength.
You say, "I'd reverse course and watch the NDB locator signal strength."
"Reversing course is a good option," Akemi says. "It would get you much closer
to the Torus, and possibly within Earthgate NDB range."
Lily nods.
Sakura asks, "Only other thing I could think of is try and hypercast to the
torus and use the direction from there?"
"Charge would be a concern though," Kim says. "I wonder how many days of charge
in total this ship can have including the full use of the blast furnace."
'If the signal strength gets higher, then I know I'm headed in generally the
right direction.
"If the signal strength gets higher," you say, "then I know I'm headed in
generally the right direction."
"And yeah," says Sakura, "reversing the 45 15 heading while doing that."
Akemi says to Kim, "The blast furnace provides three full recharges,
effectively."
Lily says, "But won't obviously account for drift but yes if you can get a
broadcast from the Torus which is how I got back when we were off course, there
you go."
Akemi says, "The charge on this ship is good for about three days with the
damage control and weapon systems off."
Sakura says to Lily, "I remember that. Some of us were trying to sing you guys
home."
Lily laughs.
"So," says Kim, "that means a max trip is 12 days."
"Thanks!" exclaims Lily.
laugh
Steam billows and gears rattle loudly as the conveyor belt picks up speed.
You laugh.
"I learned a bit there," Lily says.
Sakura says to Akemi, "I'm all out of ideas."
'Allwe got was something about if it was better than drugs.
"Allwe got was something about if it was better than drugs," you say.
Lily exclaims, "Woo!"
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Akemi says to Sakura, "You were on the right track with the first idea of
reversing course and watching the NDB."
Sakura says, "Speaking of torus ndb locater is now at 2."
Kim nods.
"Charge management would be your big problem in that case," Akemi says. "How
would you deal with it?"
Lily exclaims, "I sang back the lalalalalala song too!"
Lily laughs.
laugh lily
You laugh at Lily.
"A lesser, but important, problem would be managing your time," Akemi says.
"Crewing a ship alone wears on a person."
Kim says, "Definitely."
"Cut damage, communication, weapons," says Sakura. "And maybe, life support to
get as much charge as possible. It seems like you have solar pannels on this
ship if I'm understanding the status right. And hope to find someplace I could
get a solar charge."
"This ship doesn't have solar panels," Akemi says. "It has a blast fusion
chamber."
Kim says, "I don't see any solar panels on this ship."
"If the blast furnace goes crunch," Sakura says. "I know we're no where near
andies so I can't repair it."
Lily nods.
"Now comes a bigger problem," Kim says.
"Then what's that thermal thing on your status report?" Sakura asks.
Akemi says, "That's a thermocouple system that scavenges heat from systems and
turns it back into electric charge."
"How long can you survive in your spacesuit wihtout life support," asks Kim,
"how will you eat and drink?"
Lily says, "Every little bit helps."
You hear a loud bang, and the conveyor belt slows.
"It effectively adds 5%," says Akemi, "at most, to your ship charge."
Akemi says, "It is less useful the more systems you have powered down, though."
Your vision is obscured by a sudden burst of black smoke, which gradually fades
to mist.
A door flies open in front of you, and you step through into a cramped, heavily
decorated Victorian-era room. Something about this place isn't right.
Sakura says to Kim, "I've gone 4 days without eating before, felt like crap
afterwards. But."
"We'll not starve out here at least," Lily says.
"Yeah, I can imagine," says Kim. "But you can't go 4 days without fluids."
Lily nods.
"And don't spacesuits have life support stuff thrown in?" Sakura asks.
"Otherwise you'd sufficate the second you walked out of your ship for an
artifact or what have you."
Kim says, "Yeah, life support they have."
Lily nods.
Lily says, "And we have them for the felo."
Sakura says, "Well you can go 4 days without fluid you just need a ton of bed
rest and drinking afterwards."
Lily says, "Uh I dunno... not very well."
Kim Saunders finishes off a hot cheeseburger with the works.
"Yeah...so what's up? kinda nodded off there," says Zandria, "blame the cognac
and the wine."
Lily says, "The organs begin to shutdown at some point."
"I didn't say you'd be in tip top form," Sakura says. "But it's been done."
Kim says, "You will definitely be feeling very bad in the end."
Kim says, "If you make it at all."
Lily nods.
"Think about all the resources you'd have," Akemi says. "The crew was lost in an
overloaded fighter, for whatever crazy reason."
Akemi says, "That still leaves another fighter and Kim's scout."
"Well," says Kim, "let's just hope this bad senario never happens."
Zandria nods.
"If shit went really bad and nothing was working and everything broke, I'd have
no choice but to either escape myself, or self-destruct the ship," Sakura says.
"Neither would be pretty options."
Zandria says to Sakura, "Do you have the money to pay for Akemi's ship? I think
that would be up to her if something like that happened here."
"If you are out of choices out here, always self destruct," Kim says. "It's bad,
but don't leave this lovely tech for people to find."
Zandria nods.
Zandria says in an Old Earth accent, "True."
Sakura says to Zandria, "Hypothetical situation of what happens if you're the
only one left on the ship."
Zandria says to Sakura, "True enough."
"And hopefully that never happens," Sakura says. "But."
Zandria hugs Sakura.
Sakura hugs Zandria.
Kim says to Zandria, "Actually, it wouldn't. As expedition leader, I would be
responsible for that."
"Oh well I fail," says Zandria. "I've never gone on one of these."
Zandria smiles.
Akemi says to Zandria, "The situation is that for some reason the rest of the
crew were in an overloaded fighter that was lost, and you're the only person on
this ship. How could you get this ship home?"
Sakura says to Zandria, "And they're right if the worst does happen, better to
self-destruct than let the tech fall into pirate hands or outsider tenticles."
Zandria says, "Uh yeah, no kidding."
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly into the area.
Kim waves at a Tardick lizard named Freyja.
Zandria waves at a Tardick lizard named Freyja.
smile fsreyja
I don't see that here.
smile freyja
You look at a Tardick lizard named Freyja and smile.
Zandria says, "Makes me wonder how the hell a rescue pod would take to get back
though."
Zandria says, "How long I mean."
Sakura says, "That would be one very long pod ride."
"A few days," says Kim.
"Yeah ouch," says Zandria.
"A day or two," says Akemi.
Zandria exclaims, "Damn!"
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja flicks its tail.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
"I know," says Kim, "it would not be pretty."
"With a broken leg and a concussion and that too," Zandria says. "And I feel
sorry for the unlucky son of a bitch who has to take a piss."
"Yeah one other reason I didn't self-destruct is I was trying to save my two
pets and I didn't have spacesuits as they weren't available before I left," Lily
says. "I thought I could just use the escape pod but the delay of the cutover
killed them. So although I said I didn't want to dint our AEU goals, the pets
were a consideration. Now I would definitely self-destruct."
"Rescue pods are very violent," says Akemi, "but escape pods that are
voluntarily launched are gently."
Akemi says, "Gentler, anyway."
Sakura nods.
Akemi says, "No real risk of broken limbs or concussion."
Kim nods. "Yeah they are not too terrible."
Lily nods.
"Almost as bad as the time," says Sakura, "zandria and me accidently podded my
gem and thankfully it was stopped and there were no rats in the sector."
Sakura snorts.
Zandria exclaims, "That was awful!"
Sakura says, "Remind me to never do that again."
Lily says, "But you definitely need spacesuits for the felo as they aren't
inside your spacesuit."
"Oops," says Kim.
"I would not know how they fit in there," Kim says.
"Wow," says Lily.
"It was partially my fault anyway," Zandria says. "Got fucking lost around the
Battle of mir."
-sakura Remember not to do that again.
You say to Sakura, "Remember not to do that again."
grin
You grin.
Zandria laughs.
"The longest pod ride I've had is when I accompanied Melinda and Seneca home,"
says Kim, "after Seneca got injured by a burning chain the rift entities
created."
Lily nods.
Lily says, "Well i've been on two long pod rides."
Zandria says, "They can do that?'"
Zandria asks, "Holy damn?"
Kim asks, "Who can do what?"
'I remember that. I woke up just as the escape pod was leaving.
"I remember that," you say. "I woke up just as the escape pod was leaving."
"Once a rift entity took a platter of sandwiches from Ather's house and
delivered them to us aboard Metal Heart, in the past," Akemi says.
Lily nods.
"What, he took 'm from Ather's house?" Kim asks. "I missed that."
Lily exclaims, "Then it took them back right before our eyes at Ather's house!"
"Wow!" exclaims Zandria.
"There was almost a month between when the sandwiches were delivered to us,"
says Akemi, "and when they were taken."
Kim asks, "Wow, when did that happen?"
Lily says to Kim, "Which."
"The sandwiches, at Ather's house," Kim says.
"The Resistance Day holovid viewing Ather hosted a couple of days after the
Resistance Day party," Akemi says.
Kim says, "Oh, I unfortunately was not there."
Lily says, "Oh we were there enjoying the after party at Ather's house and the
tentacles came out and grabbed the platter of roast beef sandwiches."
Akemi says, "Jeeves and his tentacles."
Lily grins and nods.
"Wow, tentacles just came out and, snatched them?" Kim asks. "Wo."
"Well," says Akemi, "we nicknamed it Jeeves, but it probably has a proper name
of some sort."
Akemi says, "One of those Faceless people."
"You know," asks Akemi, "like the ones in the audiences?"
"I was really taken by surprise as I didn't know about the other occurances,"
Lily says. "Just Tatiana's going on about eating old ham sandwiches."
Lily says, "And drink old wine and how people were crazy."
'Right
You say, "Right."
Lily laughs.
Kim says, "I have seen those faces in the crowd many times."
Lily nods.
nod
You nod.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
'Well, I'll be back in a couple of hours or so.
"Well," you say, "I'll be back in a couple of hours or so."
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
'going to take a bit of a nap.
You say, "Going to take a bit of a nap."
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Kim says, "Ok."
'Catch you all later
You say, "Catch you all later."
A Tardick lizard named Freyja blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent
to its surroundings.
Akemi says, "Later Shule."
wave
You wave.
se
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
Lily Kaise glides in from the northwest.
Lily Kaise glides southwest.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, a
Tardick lizard named Raissa, and Xavier the big silver soldier felo here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
s
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy seashell pink
ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
s
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, and a
glossy sea green ceramic felo chow bowl here.
You can go north, east, and west.
You can't go that way.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, and Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo here.
You can go east.
Lily Kaise glides in from the east.
hug lily
You hug Lily Kaise.
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
remove sneakers
You pull a pair of gray canvas sneakers off of your feet.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
drop sneakes
I see no "sneakes" here.
Lily wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
drop sneakers
You put down a pair of gray canvas sneakers.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
sit bed
You sit down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Rest well Hun."
-lily Thanks babe.
You say to Lily, "Thanks babe."
Lily smiles at you.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
lie bed
You lie down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily Kaise sits down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily affectionately.
Lily squeezes you affectionately.
Lily Kaise leans close to you and kisses you softly on the chest.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
Lily smiles at you.
Lily says, "Ok will let you rest."
emote reaches over and taking your hand kises it gently.
Shule reaches over and taking your hand kises it gently.
Lily Kaise stands up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily waves and smiles.
Lily Kaise glides east.
wave
You wave.
afk
You blink heavily and then doze off.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
You step through a door and block it off behind you, then pause to catch your
breath.
The feeling of dread suddenly abates, and your steps slow.
The computer announces, "Leaving riftstorm."
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
You venture through a side door.
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
The ship feels darker than usual, every light source subdued and seemingly
unable to cast more than a dull glow on its surroundings. The dim light casts
shadows on the myriad objects lining the ship, from black and white photographs
of dour looking men and women to tiny jars and porcelain figures that seem
strangely out of focus. The walls and floor are covered with elaborate geometric
designs, and every surface appears to have an ornate piece of cloth draped over
it. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through
the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, and a pair of gray canvas sneakers here.
You can go east.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.)
You feel increasingly uneasy. You find yourself stepping more quickly.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
With a sudden feeling of impending doom, you turn around. The scene abruptly
fades to formless mist.
You mentally sigh in relief as you return to the starship.
The computer announces, "Warning: Entering riftstorm."
The room grows a bit warmer.
Cindy the small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
The room grows a bit warmer.
Lily Kaise glides in from the east.
Lily Kaise lies down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily Kaise blinks heavily and then dozes off.
[Newbie Help] Cesar Ysidro transmits, "Aisling to answer your question from last
night, manual movement is always at half of the instantaneous velocity,
presumably for combat reasons."
[Newbie Help] Joel Kringle transmits, "Thanks for the follow up. I was curious
about that too."
[Newbie Help] Ather Jammoa transmits, "And remember, the instantaneous velocity
is based on the battery partially as well. If you don't have a battery which can
suppor tthe instant velocity of your engine, your ship won't start at that neat
high speed."
The room grows a bit warmer.
The room grows a bit more chill.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
This is a small room designed to give crew members a place to sleep while on
long journeys, and it isn't large enough to do much else. A long counter is
bolted to the wall opposite the entryway, and two narrow bunks have been bolted
to the two remaining walls. A small keypad is next to the door, controlling a
simple lock. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, and a pair of gray canvas sneakers here.
Lily Kaise is dozing on a white four poster rattan bed.
You can go east.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.)
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
The room grows a bit warmer.
[Newbie Help] Aisling the Fox transmits, "And thank you for that Cesar. Sorry
for the delayed reply."
The room grows a bit more chill.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
The room grows a bit warmer.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
Lily Kaise sits up onto a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily Kaise stands up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made
purple and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.
Lily Kaise glides east.
The room grows a bit more chill.
The room grows a bit warmer.
The room grows a bit warmer.
The room grows a bit warmer.
The room grows a bit more chill.
The room grows a bit warmer.
Cindy the old small red sabre-toothed felo wanders in from the east.
The room grows a bit warmer.
For a brief moment, everything seems to be normal.
You hear a loud call in front of you, and the flock shifts as one, finding a new
updraft.
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
Cindy the old small red sabre-toothed felo stares curiously up at you.
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
Cindy the old small red sabre-toothed felo stares curiously up at you.
The flock seems to be gradually losing altitude with no updraft beneath it.
Cindy the old small red sabre-toothed felo stares curiously up at you.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
Objects and walls inside the ship seem faintly translucent, and when in your
periphery seem to disappear completely, replaced with perfect blue sky and puffy
white clouds. The ship flies as part of a flock, birds stretching off into the
distance. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, a pair of gray canvas sneakers, and Cindy the old small red
sabre-toothed felo here.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple
and amethyst flower quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it.)
Cindy the old small red sabre-toothed felo wanders east.
The flock seems to be gradually losing altitude with no updraft beneath it.
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
The flock seems to be gradually losing altitude with no updraft beneath it.
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
The computer announces, "Incoming QE message from AFW Command."
The flock seems to be gradually losing altitude with no updraft beneath it.
The flock seems to be gradually losing altitude with no updraft beneath it.
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
The flock seems to be gradually losing altitude with no updraft beneath it.
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
The flock gradually begins to calm.
The computer announces, "Leaving riftstorm."
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
e
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, and a fluffy white body wrap here.
You can go north, east, and west.
w
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Living Quarters Seven]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks with a set of cream
cotton sheets, a soft white cashmere blanket, a soft golden brown satin pillow
with thick gold fringe, and a soft white satin pillow with thick gold fringe on
it, a small yellow bioplastic ship light, a woven cream wool rug with a yellow
border, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, Kiska the humanoid service robot,
a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep
purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere
blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a hand-made purple and amethyst flower
quilt, and a large periwinkle bed pillow on it, a clear plastic food storage
container, a small white trash can, a compact red refrigerator, a white
microwave oven, a blue plastic food storage container, a pair of soft mystic
purple slippers, and a pair of gray canvas sneakers here.
You can go east.
take sneakers
You pick up a pair of gray canvas sneakers.
e
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Aft]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a large bubbling
luminescent peach-lit aquarium containing yellow and orange aquatic life and
gold round rocks, a small bubbling shimmering passion pink-lit aquarium
containing onyx and black aquatic life and multicolored round rocks, a glossy
sea green ceramic felo chow bowl, and a fluffy white body wrap here.
You can go north, east, and west.
n
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, Cindy the old small red sabre-toothed felo, and a Tardick lizard
named Raissa here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
u
You can't go that way.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Jasmin the small red glowing felo here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Akemi Bando is sitting
on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison and Liam O'Toole are dozing on a rare
black EAOSian contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are dozing
on a cream oriental rug. Morris Corlew and Kim Saunders are sitting on a black
leather sectional sofa. Nissi Valdaire and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare
black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
sit couch
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Kim nods. "Wow."
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SH
Lily nods to you.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
wave
You wave.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SHO
Akemi asks, "Un Sho?"
Lily Kaise glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SHOR
"Unshortened," says Morris.
Morris gets a distant look on his face as he ponders and chuckles. "They could
have saved a space."
Morris says, "If that's right."
A bird grows tired and falls behind the V formation. You take its place.
Morris shrugs. "Just guessing."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SHORT
Akemi says, "Unshorted Show De Pierre I bet."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SHORT 
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris gets a distant look on his face as he ponders.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SHORT ET
use dev
Linked to: AFW Command
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SHORT ET
[1] View Recent Message Log
[2] View Complete Message Log
[3] Send Message
Enter your selection:
2
[07:37  5 June 2316 GST] To AFW Command: "STLL ALV ALL QUIET <END>"
[00:04  6 June 2316 GST] To AFW Command: "Q DO PPL LIVE <END>"
[00:16  6 June 2316 GST] To AFW Command: "IGNR MSG <END>"
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lily exclaims, "I think i'll go look at the fish for the next several hours!"
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
se
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
d
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, Xavier the big silver soldier felo, and Jasmin the small red
glowing felo here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
s
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid B]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and red aquatic life and
coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and
blue aquatic life and round rocks, and a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl
here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
hug lily
You hug Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "That thing bipping forever and everybody
oggling every character..."
nod
You nod.
A medium-sized semi-transparent ovoid creature with long dangling tendrils and
an amber glowing interior drifts slowly past a plastic wrecked EAOS Defender.
"You didn't have to leave though," Lily says. "You seemed into it."
Lily laughs.
'But I could tell you were annoyed.
You say, "But I could tell you were annoyed."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily, pulling her close.
Lily wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
Lily says, "If Pierre sent a message I can almost guarantee it will be going on
for the next 3 hours."
Lily laughs.
chuckle 'Wow
A bird grows tired and falls behind the V formation. You take its place.
You chuckle. "Wow."
"I've seen him do that," Lily says. "Perhaps he's lightened up a bit."
'Yeah, hopefully
You say, "Yeah, hopefully."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
"Oh I don't see Pierre on the comm so hmm," Lily says.
who
There appear to be about 15 pilots recently active.
The starship's computer and QE comm detect:
*Lily Kaise  (A)
*Shule Elemmire  (A)
*Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
%Ather Jammoa  (A) [am]
%Angel Martin  (A)
*Akemi Bando  (L)
*Morris Corlew  (L)
*Nissi Valdaire  (L) [a]
%Robert O'Malley  (L)
%Johann Rowan  (L)
%Paige McCormick  (L)
%Caleb Davenport  (L)
%Klaus Stein  (L)
%Cesar Ysidro  (F) [a]
%Aisling the Fox  (M)
* == Out of communications range
% == Detected via Quantum Entanglement comm
Additionally, there are 11 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 26 pilots.
Lily says, "Of course he oculd have sent it, laughed and waled away."
Lily says, "Oops."
"Walked," says Lily.
A large semi-transparent bell-shaped creature with medium-length dangling
tendrils and a violet glowing interior drifts slowly past a plastic shipwreck
flying a pirate flag.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Lily laughs.
'I could see him doing that.
You say, "I could see him doing that."
Lily nods and grins.
grin
You grin.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the north.
pet xavier
You stroke the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
Lily says, "Hehe."
"He became my friend earlier," Lily says.
smile xavier
You look at Xavier the big silver soldier felo and smile.
grin
Lily hugs you.
You grin.
Lily hugs Xavier the big silver soldier felo.
hug lily
You hug Lily.
Lily says, "Now we need to get bert to warm up to you."
grin
You grin.
'We'll get there.
You say, "We'll get there."
Lily nods.
The flock banks smoothly, moving as one.
The flock seems to be gradually losing altitude with no updraft beneath it.
Lily says, "I do miss the galleon or Nissi's Imperator where the QE is in a
different room."
The flock banks smoothly, moving as one.
nod
You nod.
The flock banks smoothly, moving as one.
The flock finds a large updraft and rapidly gains altitude.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
The flock banks suddenly, and you turn to follow, but no other bird is in sight.
The scene abruptly fades.
The formless mists suddenly resolve into a dust-laden wind. After a moment the
dust settles, and one of the horses in front of you lets out a quiet whicker as
the carriage's wheels creak ceaselessly below.
The carriage shakes slightly as the horses pick up their pace.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
The endless noise of the carriage's wheels quiet slightly as it slows.
caress lily onback
I don't understand that.
Try this instead:  caress lily onback on
caress lily onback
I don't understand that.
Try this instead:  caress lily onback on
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
Lily caresses and massages your neck and shoulders.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
Lily smiles at you.
The endless noise of the carriage's wheels quiet slightly as it slows.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
'Hmmm, why are we turning?
You ask, "Hmmm, why are we turning?"
Lily says, "Hmm ok guess we can go see."
Lily Kaise glides north.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Mid A]
You see a small round white nightlight (casting a soft white glow), a sturdy
yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in white rattan, a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing ivory and onyx aquatic life and sea
green and neon blue round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
blue and crimson aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy seashell pink ceramic
felo chow bowl, and a Tardick lizard named Raissa here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
Lily Kaise glides north.
n
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Quarters Deck; Fore]
You see a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", a small
round white nightlight, a sturdy yellow plastic shelf, a tall mirror framed in
white rattan, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and
violet aquatic life and round rocks, a glossy gold ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Cindy the old small red sabre-toothed felo here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go east, south, west, up, and down.
u
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, a glossy lavender ceramic felo
chow bowl, and a Tardick lizard named Freyja here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Akemi Bando is sitting
on a modern white pod chair. Nissi Valdaire is sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch. Blake Madison and Liam O'Toole are dozing on a rare black
EAOSian contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are dozing on a
cream oriental rug. Morris Corlew and Kim Saunders are sitting on a black
leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 476.15 light-cycles toward
Galactic Eastsoutheast and Very Slightly Down.
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
'woo! planets!
"Woo!" you exclaim in a New Phoenician accent. "Planets!"
Kim Saunders says into the PA microphone, "Wake up, everyone!"
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
The carriage shakes slightly as the horses pick up their pace.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Woo!"
locate
You are receiving no signal from the NDB at Earthgate.
You are receiving no signal from the extra long-range NDB at The Torus.
Morris grins. "Yup."
Kim Saunders says into the PA microphone, "Planet alert, planet alert!"
grin kim
You grin at Kim.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 342.0, -1.0.
Morris says to Kim, "I wanted to do that but figured you should do the honors."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 274.19 light-cycles toward
Galactic Eastnortheast and Down.
The endless noise of the carriage's wheels quiet slightly as it slows.
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 350.0, -1.0.
Kim says, "Me and my headings."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 247.75 light-cycles toward
Galactic Northeast and Down.
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 23.0, -1.0.
rift lc
Rift drive commands: status, locations, heading, start, stop, trim
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 231.16 light-cycles toward
Galactic Down and Slightly Northnortheast.
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 45.0, -40.0.
The endless noise of the carriage's wheels quiet slightly as it slows.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       1180 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic Northeast and Slightly Down (45.0, -40.0)
Riftflow:           6140 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic
Eastnortheast and Slightly Down
Forecast:           Within the next 0.500, the riftflow is predicted to remain
the same intensity, but turn towards Galactic East and Down.
Time in Riftflow:   1.MFH
Distance Traveled:  10.29 light-trade cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 203.97 light-cycles toward
Galactic Down and Slightly North.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 70.0, -80.0.
The carriage shakes slightly as the horses pick up their pace.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 160.32 light-cycles toward
Galactic Down and Slightly North.
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
The road takes a turn, and the horses toss their heads as they follow it.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 80.0, -80.0.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 98.05 light-cycles toward
Galactic Down and Slightly North.
The starship has entered a unique area of space.
A single star appears brighter than the rest here. The ship's sensors indicate
that you have likely arrived in the vicinity of a planetary system. Early
indications are that this is a gas giant-centric system, which will tend to
possess one or two gas supergiants and perhaps a rocky planet or two.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Kim smiles.
Lily applauds sedately.
cheer
You cheer.
Kim Saunders activates the ultimate salvage sensor and begins scanning for
chunks of debris.
Morris applauds sedately.
The salvage sensor reports detection of a very small asteroid (grade 30) at a
range of 204000km at Sector Southwest and Up.
Akemi Bando presses a button, calling up the starmap, and studies it for a
moment.
Morris Corlew activates the ultimate salvage sensor and begins scanning for
chunks of debris.
Lily Kaise presses a button, and the ship's luminosity sensor performs a quick
analysis.
The luminosity sensor's display shows that the local luminosity level is
slightly greater than Sol-equivalent.
The salvage sensor reports detection of a very small asteroid (grade 30) at a
range of 204000km at Sector Southwest and Up.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
"Hey," says Akemi, "nice, a little brighter than usual."
Lily nods.
Morris gets a distant look on his face as he ponders. "Small asteroid...interest
ing."
Akemi says, "That message has to be from Pierre."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Kim Saunders turns a dial on the space imager to achieve proper focus, then
presses a large button.
A space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star slides
out of a slot below.
Kim Saunders puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
'Can we grab copies if we want?
You ask, "Can we grab copies if we want?"
Kim Saunders picks up a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders opens a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' for a
moment.
Kim Saunders puts a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close
to a star in a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
"I'd love one...my first new planet," Morris says.
Kim Saunders turns a dial on the space imager to achieve proper focus, then
presses a large button.
A space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star slides
out of a slot below.
Lily Kaise turns a dial on the space imager to achieve proper focus, then
presses a large button.
A space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star slides
out of a slot below.
Kim nods to Morris.
image
You turn a dial on the space imager to achieve proper focus, then press a large
button.
A space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star slides
out of a slot below.
take photo
You pick up a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
Lily Kaise picks up a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star.
drop box
You put down a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
take space imaging
You pick up a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a
star.
Morris Corlew picks up a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star.
Lily Kaise removes an engraved silver metal box decorated with enameled amethyst
violets from a lavender silk backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies
for a moment.
Lily Kaise puts a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close
to a star in an engraved silver metal box decorated with enameled amethyst
violets.
open briefcase
You open a leather briefcase.
Kim says, "Shame only so few pilots are awake."
l photo
a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star
A single star appears brighter than the rest here. The ship's sensors indicate
that you have likely arrived in the vicinity of a planetary system. Early
indications are that this is a gas giant-centric system, which will tend to
possess one or two gas supergiants and perhaps a rocky planet or two.
A hardcopy of sensor readings is printed in the bottom-right corner, alongside
the label "Planetary System 5813-8638."
Lily nods.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim says to Akemi, "Shall I start the survey?"
Morris nods. "Yeah I know."
Akemi says, "No reason not to."
take album
You need a free hand to take that.
Kim smiles.
Kim Saunders activates the ship's sensors and begins scanning for planets.
l album
You fondly admire the cover of a white lace photo album entitled "Xia He" for
several moments.
l second album
You fondly admire the cover of a blue leather photo album with a cluster of
stars embossed on the front for several moments.
Lily asks, "We should star to survey soon?"
Kim says, "Already underway."
-lily Kim started
You say to Lily, "Kim started."
take last album
You need a free hand to take that.
i
You are wearing a short-sleeved blue and white shadow-striped cotton shirt and a
pair of slim black linen trousers.
Underneath this, you are wearing a pair of white cotton briefs.
You are also wearing a keychain, a metallic gold touch einrophone in a black
leather phone holster, a gold wrist-mounted chronometer, a metallic silver
metachannel FTL communicator, a solid silver ring engraved with dolphins, and a
black guitar case.
You are concealing a leather briefcase, a golden Feng Wo coin purse, a black
flightbag with a red shooting star on the side, a camera bag, an asteroid
hauling supply kit, a flight control scanner, a large expandable telescoping
xenology container, a black engineering tool case, a thick synthleather
bandolier with large pockets, and a scorched metal thigh holster.
Your head, face, both eyes, neck, both elbows, both forearms, both wrists, both
hands, and both feet are left uncovered.
You are carrying a pair of gray canvas sneakers in your right hand, and a space
imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star in your left
hand.
Lily grins. "Oh I didn't look up."
wear sneakers
You pull a pair of gray canvas sneakers onto your feet.
take second album
You remove a blue leather photo album with a cluster of stars embossed on the
front from a leather briefcase.
open album
You open a blue leather photo album with a cluster of stars embossed on the
front.
Kim smiles excitedly.
The planetary surveyor displays a handful of moving points of light which could
be planets. Text alongside shows probable composition and mass.
put image in album
You pick up a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
You can't put a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' in a blue
leather photo album with a cluster of stars embossed on the front.
You put down a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' again.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue leather photo album with a cluster of stars embossed on the
front in a blue leather photo album with a cluster of stars embossed on the
front.
Morris says, "Makes me want to go shake everyone awake."
l space imagin 
a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star
A single star appears brighter than the rest here. The ship's sensors indicate
that you have likely arrived in the vicinity of a planetary system. Early
indications are that this is a gas giant-centric system, which will tend to
possess one or two gas supergiants and perhaps a rocky planet or two.
A hardcopy of sensor readings is printed in the bottom-right corner, alongside
the label "Planetary System 5813-8638."
Kim nods. "Me too."
Blake says in a Candelarian accent, "Bip bi."
Blake says, "Bip."
put space imaging in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
Please enter the caption you wish to include:
[Type lines of input; use `.' to end or `@abort' to abort the command.]
"But if my planet alert on the PA did not wake people?" Kim asks. "Then what can
we do?"
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
The planetary surveyor emits a series of quiet beeps, then continues working.
Kim Saunders glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
"Nothing," says Lily. "People have to take their sleep cycles when they need."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Blake Madison presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
"Hey I read wrong not thinking abotu Pierre," Morris says. "Un short is 'a
short' not unshort."
The planetary surveyor emits a series of quiet beeps, then continues working.
This is the fThis is the first planetary system we found and was discovered over
1000 light years from the Bubble.
*
.
You carefully insert a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star into a blue leather photo album with a cluster of stars embossed
on the front and write in a caption underneath it.
put album in briefcase
You put a blue leather photo album with a cluster of stars embossed on the front
in a leather briefcase.
close briefcase
Morris Corlew puts a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star in a small cloth sack.
You close a leather briefcase.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
The planetary surveyor emits a series of quiet beeps, then continues working.
Lily Kaise removes a sparkly purple canvas photo album with a gold star print
from a coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
"A short and brief message for..." Akemi says.
Akemi gestures vaguely at a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication
device.
Lily shrugs.
Lily Kaise opens a sparkly purple canvas photo album with a gold star print.
Morris gets a distant look on his face as he ponders and chuckles. "Short and
brief isn't that short and brief."
Lily Kaise removes an engraved silver metal box decorated with enameled amethyst
violets from a lavender silk backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies
for a moment.
Lily Kaise removes a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star from an engraved silver metal box decorated with enameled
amethyst violets.
"Talk about nonsensical QE use," Kim says. "I am sure that could have been
shorter."
The planetary surveyor displays a field of moving waves as it searches for
nearby gravity wells.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
"It could've been," says Blake. "It is not."
"I think we'll live," says Blake.
Kim says, "Of course we will live."
Lily Kaise picks up a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
Lily Kaise puts down a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' again.
Lily says, "Oops."
-lily It's ok. I did the same thing.
You say to Lily, "It's ok. I did the same thing."
Kim giggles.
Lily chuckles.
The planetary surveyor emits a series of quiet beeps, then continues working.
chuckle
You chuckle.
"Now," asks Blake, "where have the felo run off to?"
Lily Kaise says, OOCly, "Yup I enter put last photo in album."
-blake I ate them.
You say to Blake, "I ate them."
Kim says, "I have not seen many in here today."
Morris gestures vaguely at an orange digital felo game.
Blake cheers for you!
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Zandria Marschaund glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Blake chuckles at Morris.
Blake says, "I do kinda want one of those."
"Maybe when I fed it earlier it made them hungry?" Morris shrugs.
The planetary surveyor displays a handful of moving points of light which could
be planets. Text alongside shows probable composition and mass.
Liam stretches a little bit and looks around slowly.
wave liam
You wave to Liam.
"Hi Liam!" Kim smiles.
Morris Corlew asks, OOCly, "How do your ead the text showing comp/mass?"
Blake says to Kim, "Now we will live. Liam has awakened."
-liam Say hi to the planets.
You say to Liam, "Say hi to the planets."
Blake Madison says, OOCly, "You don't."
Liam waves back towards you and says, "hey there!" to Kim.
Lily says, "Guess I'll wait to see how many planets there are before I put in a
caption."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Morris chuckles at Liam.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Liam says to Blake, "Well, that is encouraging news for you all then!"
Blake nods to Liam.
The planetary surveyor displays a field of moving waves as it searches for
nearby gravity wells.
Morris Corlew says, OOCly, "Ah ok since there was text I figured I could read
it."
"Hey Liam," says Akemi, "we found a gas giant system."
"Also Pierre is sending a message," Akemi says.
"Oh, really?" asks Liam in an Earther accent. "This could have a lot in it!"
Blake says, "Be exicted for both things."
Blake says, "Excited."
Akemi says, "Apparently short and brief, by his standards."
grin
You grin.
Liam exclaims, "Maybe even better scooping!"
Kim giggles.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
The planetary surveyor displays a field of moving waves as it searches for
nearby gravity wells.
Lily says to Liam, "Good day and welcome to planet finders."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
title
[1] Status: Pilot
[2] Honorary Rank: None
[3] Shule Elemmire, citoyen d'honneur du Nouveau Quebec
[4] Combat Pilot
[5] Top Gun
[6] Expert Engineer
[7] None
Enter your selection:
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
n
Invalid selection.
The planetary surveyor displays a field of moving waves as it searches for
nearby gravity wells.
Liam says to Lily, "Is that a new org?"
chuckle
You chuckle.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Blake says, "It should be."
Kim giggles.
"Oh dear," says Kim, "don't make me rename Starseekers again."
Kim laughs.
chuckle kim
You chuckle at Kim.
The planetary surveyor displays a handful of moving points of light which could
be planets. Text alongside shows probable composition and mass.
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise says to Liam, "It could be!"
Morris says to Kim, "What was it before?"
Kim says, "Starseekers and troubleshooters."
Morris nods to Kim. "Hmm."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
The planetary surveyor displays a handful of moving points of light which could
be planets. Text alongside shows probable composition and mass.
"I did not come up with that name," says Kim, "I also did not found the org."
The planetary surveyor displays a handful of moving points of light which could
be planets. Text alongside shows probable composition and mass.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
The planetary surveyor emits a series of quiet beeps, then continues working.
Sakura blinks.
locate
The starship is unable to detect any proximal beacons outside the sector.
You are receiving no signal from the NDB at Earthgate.
You are receiving no signal from the extra long-range NDB at The Torus.
Blake says, "So many beeping and bipping."
Kim says, "Oh yeah."
Sakura Arakida presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
Sakura Arakida activates the ultimate salvage sensor and begins scanning for
chunks of debris.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
The salvage sensor reports detection of a very small asteroid (grade 30) at a
range of 204000km at Sector Southwest and Up.
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise says to Sakura in a New Earth accent, "Did you get a
photo?"
Blake Madison turns a dial on the space imager to achieve proper focus, then
presses a large button.
A space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star slides
out of a slot below.
Blake Madison picks up a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star.
Sakura Arakida picks up a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
Blake says, "I did."
Sakura Arakida puts down a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
Sakura Arakida picks up a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
Sakura Arakida puts down a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos'.
Sakura says to Planet Hunter Lily Kaise, "Nope."
The ship's surveying equipment has succeeded in finding two planets in this
system.
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise turns a dial on the space imager to achieve proper
focus, then presses a large button.
A space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star slides
out of a slot below.
grin
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "There you go sakura."
You grin.
Kim says, "Oh, not amazing, but still nice."
Sakura Arakida picks up a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star.
Sakura cheers.
Blake says, "Woooo."
Sakura Arakida puts a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant orbiting
close to a star in a rose pink silk backpack embroidered with gold cherry
blossoms.
"Well," says Kim, "our first planets on this expedition."
"It's great," says Lily. "Generally it's only one."
Morris swoons and says "it's all amazing!"
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Blake asks, "What now?"
"Well, the flow was north northeast or something something," Kim says. "Is
Melindas' suggestion of straight east for a while an idea?"
"Probalby on we go hunting for more planets!" Lily exclaims.
grin
You grin.
Sakura exclaims, "Sounds like a good idea to me!"
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise opens a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager
Photos'.
Morris turns to Blake and barely mutters 'bip beep?'
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise closes a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager
Photos'.
Blake nods and nods to Morris.
Zandria grins.
Akemi says, "A half billion, just like that."
Lily says, "Nice that thre are 8 photos in there."
"There," says Lily.
Kim says to Akemi in a New Bristol accent, "Any other suggestions for me on
heading?"
grin
You grin.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris shrugs. "East is fine to me."
Akemi says to Kim, "Fast is good."
Lily absently bobs her head up and down like a space parakeet.
"Ok," says Kim.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Planet Hunter Lily Kaise's shoulder,
blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 0.0, 0.0.
"Let's see how fast this is," asks Kim, "everyone done admiring this planetary
system?"
Blake says, "Goodbye planets."
nod kim
You nod to Kim.
Kim Saunders flips a number of failsafe switches on the rift drive control
board, then pushes a heavy lever forward.
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
rift loc
The starship is not in the riftflow.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
Akemi says, "So long Planetary System 5813-8638."
rift loc
The starship has left a unique area of space.
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 20.74 light-cycles toward
Galactic North and Down.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
You hear a steady, rhythmic sound. The mist clears, and you gaze out through the
window at the passing landscape as the train chugs along.
Blake Madison puts a Bourbon County Stout float in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Blake Madison opens a camera bag.
Blake Madison removes a dark brown leather photo album with a zooming starship
embossed on the front from a camera bag.
Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders. "This is currently not so
fast yet."
Blake Madison opens a dark brown leather photo album with a zooming starship
embossed on the front.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       3282 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic East (0.0, 0.0)
Riftflow:           6202 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic
Eastnortheast and Down
Forecast:           Within the next 0.500, the riftflow is predicted to remain
the same intensity, but turn towards Galactic East and Slightly Down.
Time in Riftflow:   0.021
Distance Traveled:  257.53 light-cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
Akemi asks in a Japanese accent, "Go north then?"
Kim says, "The flow is north northeast."
Blake Madison carefully inserts a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant
orbiting close to a star into a dark brown leather photo album with a zooming
starship embossed on the front and writes in a caption underneath it.
"Oh wait, it shiften," says Kim.
Blake Madison closes a dark brown leather photo album with a zooming starship
embossed on the front.
Blake Madison puts a dark brown leather photo album with a zooming starship
embossed on the front in a camera bag.
Kim says, "Shifted."
Blake Madison closes a camera bag.
"The flow is eastnortheast and down now and shifting to east and slightly down,"
Akemi says.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
The train is suddenly diverted onto another track.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 90.0, 0.0.
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       3710 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic North (90.0, 0.0)
Riftflow:           6200 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic
Eastnortheast and Down
Forecast:           Within the next 0.500, the riftflow is predicted to remain
the same intensity, but turn towards Galactic East and Slightly Down.
Time in Riftflow:   0.046
Distance Traveled:  499.48 light-cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
"Wouldn't that put us a little closer to our original heading when we came out?"
Morris asks. "The 45 lateral?"
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
Kim nods. "Somewhat."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       4376 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic North (90.0, 0.0)
Riftflow:           6208 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic
Eastnortheast and Down
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Forecast:           Within the next 0.500, the riftflow is predicted to remain
the same intensity, but turn towards Galactic East and Down.
Time in Riftflow:   0.072
Distance Traveled:  1.3 light-grand cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
Kim says, "This speed is pretty reasonable."
"Between the frequent storms and our zig-zags," says Akemi, "it'd take some
doing to find that planetary system again from the Radio Bubble."
Kim nods. "Absolutely."
Akemi says to Kim, "You could catch more flow aiming up some too."
Kim Saunders quickly turns a small wheel on the rift drive control board.
The train is suddenly diverted onto another track.
A number flap display rapidly flips around to show a new heading of 90.0, 15.0.
The train blows its whistle and steam billows as it slows.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly into the area.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       4168 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic North and Very Slightly Up (90.0, 15.0)
Riftflow:           6216 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic East and
Down
Forecast:           Within the next 0.500, the riftflow is predicted to remain
the same intensity, but turn towards Galactic East and Slightly Down.
Time in Riftflow:   0.0AB
Distance Traveled:  2.15 light-grand cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
Morris nods. "Yeah, I forgot about the storms buffeting us around."
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise carefully inserts a space imaging photograph of a large
gas giant orbiting close to a star into a sparkly purple canvas photo album with
a gold star print and writes in a caption underneath it.
Looking ahead, the track seems long and straight. The train picks up speed.
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise looks at a photo in a sparkly purple canvas photo album
with a gold star print.
Sakura grins.
"Well," says Kim, "I think that will do for now."
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise carefully removes a space imaging photograph of a large
gas giant orbiting close to a star from a sparkly purple canvas photo album with
a gold star print.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim says, "It will probably get a bit better once the flow shifts again."
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk2
--
Status:             ACTIVE
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       4617 light-mincycles per seccycle
Direction:          Galactic North and Very Slightly Up (90.0, 15.0)
Riftflow:           6223 light-mincycles per seccycle from Galactic East and
Down
Forecast:           Within the next 0.500, the riftflow is predicted to remain
the same intensity, but turn towards Galactic East and Slightly Down.
Time in Riftflow:   0.0E2
Distance Traveled:  3.15 light-grand cycles
Apparent Region:    Local Space
--
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise carefully inserts a space imaging photograph of a large
gas giant orbiting close to a star into a sparkly purple canvas photo album with
a gold star print and writes in a caption underneath it.
"Now," says Kim, "let me write this board post."
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise looks at a photo in a sparkly purple canvas photo album
with a gold star print.
Kim Saunders glances down at her wrist-mounted chronometer momentarily.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja flicks its tongue out.
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise turns a page in a sparkly purple canvas photo album
with a gold star print.
Planet Hunter Lily Kaise puts a sparkly purple canvas photo album with a gold
star print in a coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Kim Saunders navigates her metallic green touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
title
[1] Status: Pilot
[2] Honorary Rank: None
[3] Shule Elemmire, citoyen d'honneur du Nouveau Quebec
[4] Combat Pilot
[5] Top Gun
[6] Expert Engineer
[7] None
Enter your selection:
7
Done.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 4.59 light-grand cycles toward
Galactic South and Slightly Down.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
rift lco
Rift drive commands: status, locations, heading, start, stop, trim
Morris grins. "Either everything is ok or everything has gone to shit..."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 5.02 light-grand cycles toward
Galactic South and Slightly Down.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Blake Madison glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Sakura Arakida glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Sakura Arakida glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 7.22 light-grand cycles toward
Galactic Southsoutheast and Slightly Down.
"I get this is a short brief message saying everyone, but the crud are the other
letters?" Sakura asks. "Or does even the qe get garbeled out here."
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Liam O'Toole glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris says to Sakura in an Old Earth accent, "Other letters?"
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A metallic gold touch einrophone beeps quietly for attention, indicating a new
post in Local Ship Message Board/We Strive To Live In Peace/General.
Kim Saunders switches a metallic green touch einrophone off.
use phone
Your number: 0010-18113
What would you like to do with your metallic gold touch einrophone?
[1] Dial
[2] Manage Contacts (15/32)
[3] Register on Directory
[4] View Missed Calls (0)
[5] Read Message Boards
[6] Clear Unread Message Board Posts
[7] Space Station Reference
[8] Silence
[9] Nothing
Enter your selection:
"The QE transmits exactly was was entered into it," Liam says. "This looks like
someone who is combining languages."
5
You navigate your metallic gold touch einrophone to a text-heavy application and
peer at the screen.
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
* [1] General
  [2] AEU
  [3] Organizations
* [4] Local Ship Message Board
* [5] OOC
--
  [6] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
Kim says, "I don't think I have forgotten anything important."
4
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
* [1] We Strive To Live In Peace
--
  [2] Return
  [3] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
1
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
  [1] Announcements
* [2] General
--
  [3] Return
  [4] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
2
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
  [1] Repairs at 13.25 LTC                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [2] Nebular Signature 6466-9001                                               
     (Kim Saunders)
  [3] Pre-Stellar Object 6633-8706                                              
     (Akemi Bando)
  [4] Rift drive repairs                                                        
     (Kim Saunders)
  [5] Rift drive repairs 2                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [6] Rift drive repairs 3                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [7] Rift drive repairs 4                                                      
     (Akemi Bando)
  [8] Don't forget to put things back                                           
     (Akemi Bando)
  [9] More repairs and hopefully out of the storm now                           
     (Kim Saunders)
  [10] Chamber of Dust                                                          
     (Akemi Bando)
  [11] Pre-Stellar Object 8423-3084                                             
     (Kim Saunders)
  [12] Re: Pre-Stellar Object 8423-3084                                         
     (Kim Saunders)
  [13] Rift drive repairs 6                                                     
     (Akemi Bando)
  [14] the final dust                                                           
     (Kim Saunders)
  [15] the final memories                                                       
     (Nathaniel Owens)
  [16] the final memories                                                       
     (Nathaniel Owens)
  [17] rift drive repairs 7                                                     
     (Kim Saunders)
* [18] Pre-Stellar Object 2114-9398                                             
     (Kim Saunders)
* [19] Planetary System 5813-8638                                               
     (Kim Saunders)
--
  [20] Return
  [21] Post
  [22] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
19
Morris Corlew switches a message board reader on and peers at the screen.
--
FTL Interalliance Communications Network
--
Subject: Planetary System 5813-8638
Author: Kim Saunders
Posted: 00:52  7 June 2316 GST
--
1JIKH.LC2
We traveled 10.13 LTC between Pre-Stellar Object 2114-9398 and the point where
we spotted Planetary System 5813-8638, at 3.98 LGC East Southeast and slightly
up. this distance is not very precise due to various heading changes we made to
navigate through a storm. I flew the ship to the planetary system.
We found 1 chunk per sector, what we saw was grade 30. Luminosity was slightly
greater than sol-equivalent. After taking an image we started the scan, 2
planets were found in this system.
We are out of range from the torus extra long NDB, and are now traveling on a
heading of 90 15.
--
[1] Previous
[2] Return
[3] Reply
[4] Quit
--
Enter your selection:
4
Logged out of FTL Message Board Net.
Morris Corlew switches a message board reader off.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Blake Madison glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Akemi says, "Pierre likes to combine French and Esperanto a lot."
Lily Kaise glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
"Oh," asks Akemi, "Nicolette's back in comms it looks like?"
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Blake says, "How do you know."
Akemi says, "Because she's showing up on the comm."
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SHORT ET BRIEF MESSAGE POUR SAYING THAT
EVERYONE I
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Haha yeah that has to be Pierre mixing
Frenchy with Esperanto."
who
There appear to be about 17 pilots recently active.
The starship's computer and QE comm detect:
*Lily Kaise  (A)
*Shule Elemmire  (A)
*Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
%Angel Martin  (A)
*Sakura Arakida  (L)
*Akemi Bando  (L)
*Zandria Marschaund  (L)
*Morris Corlew  (L)
%Robert O'Malley  (L)
%Johann Rowan  (L)
%Paige McCormick  (L)
%Caleb Davenport  (L)
%Klaus Stein  (L)
%Nicolette Lawrence  (L)
%Cesar Ysidro  (F) [a]
*Liam O'Toole  (M)
%Aisling the Fox  (M)
* == Out of communications range
% == Detected via Quantum Entanglement comm
Additionally, there are 10 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 27 pilots.
Blake says, "Ah I see."
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Zandria Marschaund switches a message board reader on and peers at the screen.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja flicks its tongue out.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly southwest.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew finishes off a glass of cold lemonade.
Morris Corlew puts a glass in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Akemi says, "I kind of want to name a ship 'Probably Carcinogenic'"
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders. "Oh."
Liam says, "Then I shall name a ship, 'It's Not A Tumor!'"
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Akemi laughs.
Kim laughs.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim Saunders glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Kim gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
A readout shows Planetary System 5813-8638 about 19.22 light-grand cycles toward
Galactic Southsoutheast and Slightly Down.
Morris grins. "Glad they're alive."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
The sound of the train echoes as it passes into a tunnel. A few moments later,
it emerges again and all is back to normal.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lily Kaise glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Zandria Marschaund glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Zandria Marschaund glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Lily Kaise carefully removes a Tardick lizard named Asteria from her shoulder.
Kim Saunders glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Asteria lovingly.
Lily Kaise puts a Tardick lizard named Asteria in a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard
snuggly labeled 'Asteria'.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Kim yawns.
Kim Saunders takes a sip of a cup of hot red rooibos tea.
"Uhm," says Kim, "I think it is time I soon start looking for my bunk."
Kim Saunders finishes off a cup of hot red rooibos tea.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria settles down, curling its limbs inward. Its eyes
close slowly and it appears to sleep.
Kim Saunders puts a cup in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Morris smiles at Kim. "Enjoy your sleep and good dreams."
Kim says in a New Bristol accent, "I'll try to wake a bit early."
Lily says to Kim, "Good sleep cycle to you."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
"Unless the flow changes drasticly," says Kim, "I assume we can continue on this
heading for a little while."
Kim stretches.
Kim Saunders stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
wave kim
You wave to Kim.
Lily waves.
Kim says, "Stay safe."
Kim waves.
Kim Saunders strolls southeast.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
The train suddenly blows its whistle for no apparent reason.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Akemi Bando is sitting
on a modern white pod chair. Nissi Valdaire is dozing on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Morris Corlew is sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake
Madison, Liam O'Toole, and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
There appears to be nothing unique in the nearby riftflow. In realspace, there's
nothing but vacuum all around.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Sakura Arakida glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Sakura blinks.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
"Do they mean violent?" asks Sakura. "Or violet."
Sakura snickers.
Zandria Marschaund glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lily Kaise glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Lily says, "Not violent but vivant."
"Or violet even," says Lily.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A conductor asks you for your ticket. You search your pockets, and when you
finally look up to confess you've lost it, he is gone.
l dev
a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device
Partial Message Received: THIS IS UN SHORT ET BRIEF MESSAGE POUR SAYING THAT
EVERYONE IS VIVANT AND THAT LE NOUV
Nathaniel Owens suddenly awakens.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Nathaniel Owens slumps in a black leather sectional sofa and goes to sleep.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Akemi Bando is sitting
on a modern white pod chair. Nissi Valdaire is dozing on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch. Zandria Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Morris Corlew is sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Blake
Madison, Liam O'Toole, and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Lily Kaise glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A conductor asks you for your ticket. You search your pockets, and when you
finally look up to confess you've lost it, he is gone.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Steam billows from the train's engine, obscuring your vision.
You mentally sigh in relief as you return to the starship.
Morris Corlew helps himself to a slice of pepperoni pizza from a small blue
insulated cooler.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a day old slice of pepperoni pizza.
The background thrum of the ship's engines turns up an octave as it moves under
emergency boost.
Nissi yawns and stretches and stretches and yawns and yawns.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Liam grins as Nissi goes through her evening exercises.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lily Kaise glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
"I wasn't too sure about putting a sofa and a couch in," Akemi says. "Seems like
people prefer the couch."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris says to Akemi in an Old Earth accent, "I try to sit on whatever has less
people. Don't want to crowd anyone."
"I like having both," says Lily. "With 16 pilots aboard that would be a lot on
one poor couch or sofa!"
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
"I typically just bring a floor pillow which I may resort to if it becomes to
full of humanity on those," Lily says.
Lily laughs.
Morris nods to Lily. "Good idea."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
chuckle lily
You chuckle at Lily.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris gestures vaguely at a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication
device. "Wonder if that ook as long to send as it's taking to receive."
Lily looks at Morris thoughtfully.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a day old slice of pepperoni pizza.
"I'd say most likely," says Lily.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
"At least it does the work and someone doesn't have to sit and wait to send each
letter," Morris says in an Old Earth accent. "That was what went through my
head, actually."
Lily says, "No you key your message and let it transmit."
Morris nods to Lily. "Yeah, I know...was imagining someone sitting there that
long though. It was mildly amusing."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lily says, "Uh."
Morris says to Lily in an Old Earth accent, "Sorry, it was kind of a rhetorical
question."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Morris Corlew is sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Nissi
Valdaire, Liam O'Toole, and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
"Cuddle shule," says Lily.
Lily glances wildly about in a paranoid manner.
Lily grins at you.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
grin and cuddle lily
You grin and cuddle up to Lily.
[Newbie Help] Cesar Ysidro transmits, "Comms are audible, so a smirk wouldn't
transmit."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
[Newbie Help] Cesar Ysidro transmits, "You can also use audible socials over
comms, like TR GEN LAUGH."
[Newbie Help] Robert O'Malley transmits, "I think this is also covered in the
help files. Can't remember which one though."
[Newbie Help] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Apologies."
[Newbie Help] Akemi Bando transmits, "Very classy people yawn into their comms."
[Newbie Help] Cesar Ysidro transmits, "No worries."
[Newbie Help] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I was doing more than one thing at
once and not thinking."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
Lily cuddles up to you.
Lily smiles at you.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
peer se
You peer southeast...
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the
windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
You hear someone pounding impatiently upon the hull.
se
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
sw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Aft]
You see a large silver vending machine, a large red popcorn popper with chrome
accents, an emerald green ice cream dispenser, and a glossy lavender ceramic
felo chow bowl here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and down.
Lily Kaise glides northeast.
use vending
You examine a large silver vending machine for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Cheese and Cheese Biscuit with Cheese
[2] Cheeseburger with the Works
[3] B.L.T. Sandwich
[4] Tuna Salad Sandwich
[5] Peanut Butter Sandwich
[6] Ice Cream Sandwich
Enter your selection:
2
You press a button on a large silver vending machine, and after several noisy
clicks, thumps, and hisses from inside it, a small dispensing door opens in the
front of it, and a hot cheeseburger with the works slides out, straight into
your waiting hand.
ne
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, and a red plastic food storage container here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
nw
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Morris Corlew is sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Nissi
Valdaire, Liam O'Toole, and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
sit  couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
eat cheeseburger
You take a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
Lily Kaise stirs a cold root beer float a bit and then digs around for a
spoonful of ice cream and eats it.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a day old slice of pepperoni pizza.
Lily Kaise eats a spoonful of drippy ice cream from a cold root beer float.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Lily Kaise eats a spoonful of ice cream from a cold root beer float then stirs
the drink, blending the ice cream and beverage together.
eat cheeseburger
You take a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
eat cheeseburger
You take a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
eat cheeseburger
You take a bite of a hot cheeseburger with the works.
eat cheeseburger
You finish off a hot cheeseburger with the works.
Lily Kaise upends a cold root beer float and drinks the rest of the creamy
beverage.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
An orange digital felo game emits a sprightly beep as the felo wakes up.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a day old slice of pepperoni pizza.
Zandria asks, "Uh?"
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris asks, "Uh...is that a ghost?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Just one of those werd things."
Lily says, "Weird too."
Zandria says, "No kidding."
Lily exclaims, "We'll live!"
Morris Corlew activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive
detections and recent ping returns.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, and a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos' here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Morris Corlew is sitting on a black leather sectional sofa. Nissi
Valdaire, Liam O'Toole, and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare black EAOSian
contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Morris Corlew finishes off a day old slice of pepperoni pizza.
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Sakura Arakida glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Sakura says in a Japanese accent, "Oh it's pierre."
Lily exclaims, "Of course!"
Zandria smiles.
"Short brief message my butt," Sakura says. "It's pierre being typicle pierre."
Zandria Marschaund glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Sakura laughs.
Lily laughs.
Zandria laughs.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Zandria says to Sakura, "You know we really ought to head there sometime soon,
after this expedition maybe."
Zandria Marschaund glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Sakura nods to Zandria.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Yeah we need to go back to NQ."
Sakura says to Zandria in a Japanese accent, "I may be bored enough to try and
rift straight there. It'd be good practice. If I can just figure the best place
to leave from and what heading."
Morris Corlew glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Zandria says to Sakura, "Coool!"
Lily says, "Thousand Storms is closest."
Morris says, "Never been there...either place."
"Thousand Storms?" asks Zandria.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
Akemi says, "I scoop there sometimes."
Sakura says to Lily, "What heading from thousand storms?"
Lily says to Morris, "There is a daily buss from Foxtrot."
Morris chuckles. "Which really doesn't say much."
Zandria Marschaund glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris says to Lily, "Foxtrot? Don't think I've been there either."
Sakura says to Zandria in a Japanese accent, "Thousand storms is the high end
scooping planet. I believe 5k and up."
Zandria says, "Oh.."
Lily says to Morris, "It says a lot. It's announced and all one needs to do is
go to Foxtrot and board it."
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device bips quietly.
You hear someone pounding impatiently upon the hull.
Sakura says to Morris, "To get to foxtrot you take the skim from gateway to the
arm."
Sakura Arakida says into the external PA microphone, "go away we don't want any"
"Uh who keeps knocking on the hull?" Zandria asks in an Old Earth accent.
"Well I haven't been a pilot for very long." Morris blushes. "I'm not that well
travelled..."
Sakura says to Zandria, "The rift entities. That's who."
Michael Winters strides in from the southeast.
Sakura grins at Morris.
Zandria says to Sakura, "Okay, creepy..."
Michael Winters sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
A sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device chirps imperatively,
indicating that it has finished receiving a message.
The computer announces, "QE message from AFW Command received."
Lily says to Morris, "Well travel!"
Lily Kaise glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Michael Winters glances at the display on a sleek metal quantum entanglement
communication device.
Morris grins at Lily. "I'm working on it."
Lily says to Morris, "The buss leaves at 20:00 daily."
Morris says to Lily, "I'll remember that. I think the only time I've been to
Gateway was for the courier company."
-lily We totally do
You say to Lily, "We totally do."
"Then it returns to Foxtrot a few hours later," Lily says. "I don't know exactly
what time as I generally just rift to there."
grin lilu
I don't see that here.
grin lily
You grin at Lily.
Lily grins at you.
Sakura says to Lily, "What heading do you go from thousand storms?"
Lily says, "Hmm let me think."
Sakura Arakida eats a spoonful of ice cream from a room temperature cherry cola
float then stirs the drink, blending the ice cream and beverage together.
Sakura Arakida upends a room temperature cherry cola float and drinks the rest
of the creamy beverage.
'Hmmm, I don't remember. I did it once.
"Hmmm, I don't remember," you say. "I did it once."
Lily says, "212 -8."
"212 -8?" asks Sakura. "Ok. I'll keep that in mind."
Lily says, "If you go from Foxtrot, 214.2 -13.8."
Lily says, "Then reverse to return."
A high warbling alarm suddenly goes off.  Speaking over it, the computer
announces, "Fatal hit received.  Occupants must stand by for emergency
ejection." Your vision goes black for a moment as everything fades into formless
mist.
Listen. You need to be careful.
Morris stretches.
Morris Corlew stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
"I'll be back," says Morris. "I've been sitting here far too long. I'm badly in
need of a walk."
Morris waves.
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
Lily Kaise examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "Hey! It is wine! Time!"
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
use decanter
You examine an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio
[2] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel
[3] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir
[4] Cafe Pepe (Secret Recipe) Sangria
[5] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Extra-Dry Prosecco
Enter your selection:
3
You help yourself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
drink goblet
You finish off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
put goblet in trash
You put a goblet in a shiny yellow trash bin.
smile lily
You smile at Lily.
Lily Kaise finishes off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily smiles at you.
Lily Kaise puts a goblet in a shiny yellow trash bin.
Morris Corlew meanders in from the southeast.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather sectional sofa.
Morris Corlew stirs a cold root beer float a bit and then digs around for a
spoonful of ice cream and eats it.
Morris Corlew waves.
Lily waves.
Nissi looks at a cream time meter and smiles.
Nissi says, "Readyyyyy.... GO."
Nissi Valdaire starts a cream time meter.
Lily grins.
Morris Corlew eats a spoonful of drippy ice cream from a cold root beer float.
wave morris
You wave to Morris.
Morris waves to you.
Do you know what they want?
"Hm," says Akemi. "Ice cream, I bet."
Morris gets a distant look on his face as he ponders. "They can have the rest of
my float if it'll make 'em that happy."
Nissi cheers for a cream time meter!
Akemi says to Morris in a Japanese accent, "No, silly. You are one of them."
"Which ones?" Morris grins at Akemi. "The they or the other they? I'm just me.
Me and they..."
Morris chuckles.
Morris Corlew eats a spoonful of ice cream from a cold root beer float then
stirs the drink, blending the ice cream and beverage together.
Akemi says to Nissi in a Japanese accent, "What're you timing?]."
Nissi says, "Seeing how long it's been since I started this timer."
Liam says, "At least two minutes."
Michael Winters says in a Candelaria accent, "They want, Akemi."
Morris says to Michael, "Don't we all?"
"We all want something," says Morris.
Akemi says to Nissi in a Japanese accent, "We could get another timer in here,
and race them."
Lily Kaise removes a white time meter from a lavender silk backpack embroidered
with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise gives a white time meter to Nissi Valdaire.
Lily laughs.
"Which is faster?" Morris grins. "Nissi's left hand or her right hand?"
Morris Corlew upends a cold root beer float and drinks the rest of the creamy
beverage.
Michael asks, "How exactly do you race timers?"
Akemi says in a Japanese accent, "Well, that's why it's funny."
Lily grins.
Nissi Valdaire starts a white time meter.
Liam says to a cream time meter in an Earther accent, "You can do it lil'
buddy."
Morris chuckles at Liam.
Nissi Valdaire puts down a white time meter.
Akemi says to Liam in a Japanese accent, "The white time meter is the underdog
though."
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
The arc of the starship's command ring meets gracefully here in a sweeping,
curved control room. An extraordinarily large viewport dominates the entire
front of the room, a thin tracery of webbing revealing the window's built-in
reinforcement. Standing before this massive viewport is the main control board,
providing essential functions like the shipwide power lever and alert status. A
large navigation terminal has a direct hookup to the onboard navigation
mainframe. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded back to provide
a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as needed. A half-deck
behind this control area allows other crew members to gather and observe. Every
surface is a pristine cream color. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on
green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos', and a
white time meter here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Zandria Marschaund and Sakura Arakida are sitting on a cream
oriental rug. Nissi Valdaire, Liam O'Toole, Lily Kaise, and Michael Winters are
sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Morris Corlew is sitting on a
black leather sectional sofa.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
They're just using you.
Michael says, "Lies, all lies."
"It needed a new home," Lily says. "I think I had it in a courier ship or two as
I was curious to see if the chronometer in there compared. Really."
Liam asks, "They are racing?"
Akemi says, "Well, they're both doing something."
Lily laughs.
Sakura gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Sakura says, "I think it's time for me to turn in."
Sakura grins.
Zandria says, "Me too."
Zandria stretches.
Sakura grins.
Sakura Arakida stands up from a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow
flower pattern.
Sakura Arakida pulls Zandria Marschaund to her feet.
Sakura Arakida holds Zandria Marschaund's hand, taking her into her group.
"Into what?" asks Michael.
Lily says, "Ok you guys, rest well."
Morris says, "Sleep well you two."
wave sakura
You wave to Sakura.
Michael waves.
Lily waves to Sakura.
-sakura Night
You say to Sakura, "Night."
Zandria says, "Take care guys."
"See you two later," says Akemi.
Lily waves to Zandria.
Zandria waves to Lily.
-zandria Night
You say to Zandria, "Night."
wave zandria
You wave to Zandria.
"We will and don't worry we've not gotten up to crazy stuff in this ship,"
Sakura says in a Japanese accent.
Sakura laughs.
Zandria says to you in an Old Earth accent, "Night."
Zandria laughs.
Sakura says, "Night all."
Sakura Arakida's group strides southeast.
In the end, you can't really trust anyone but yourself, can you?
Morris frowns. "That's probably who I trust least of all."
Akemi asks, "Why's that?"
Morris says to Akemi, "Sorry...didn't meant to say that out loud..."
Akemi says, "Happens to the best of us."
Morris nods and glances at the walls.
"Well, I think I need to rest awhile," Morris says. "You folks have a good time.
I'm going to attempt to watch my eyelids. If I watch the ceiling instead, I'll
come back up or something."
Morris yawns and waves.
Morris Corlew stands up from a black leather sectional sofa.
Morris Corlew meanders southeast.
wave morris
I don't see that here.
In the end, you can't really trust anyone but yourself, can you?
Remember what I said.
The formless shifting void gradually acquires a regular crest and fall until,
after several moments, you suddenly realize you are on a wide expanse of ocean.
Tall wooden masts creak above you, and white canvas sails snap in the breeze.
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise glides southeast.
Lily Kaise glides in from the southeast.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh well Cindy has turned old."
peer se
You peer southeast...
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Command Ring; Starboard]
Endless waves ripple off into the distance beyond this wooden ship's railings.
Thick timbers rest underfoot, creaking steadily as the craft bobs up and down.
Large white sails billow overhead, propelling the ship across the sea's surface
at a steady pace. Puffy white clouds float through the sky placidly while a
bright yellow star beats down with merciless heat. Salt spray fills the air
intermittently when the ship crashes through a wave, and the rope rigging creaks
loudly with each gust. A few gulls circle lazily overhead, although no land is
in sight. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a shiny yellow trash bin, a large stainless steel refrigerator, a
folding metal-framed chair, a stainless steel microwave oven, a stainless steel
kitchen table, a sleek stainless steel beverage machine with purple accents, a
compact white refrigerator, a red plastic food storage container, and a Tardick
lizard named Freyja here.
You can go southwest and northwest.
Akemi says, "It's an inevitable part of life."
Lily says, "Yeah I know."
Akemi says, "One day we'll all be old too."
"It's just the first time I've seen it occur with a pet," Lily says. "If I still
had Happy, I think she would become old around this time as well."
Lily says to Akemi, "Raissa's ribs are showing again. It's asleep but could use
some food when it's awake."
"Do lizards get old?" asks Michael.
"I would imagine so," says Lily.
"Alright," says Akemi. "Thank you for letting me know. One of us'll feed it in
the next cycle or two. Before I sleep, certainly."
Lily says, "'Ather has had one the longest but I don't know if Skipper is
showing age as I haven't seen it in a long time."
"It seems that pet felo live to about a year old before they turn old which is
much much longer than for undomesticated ones," Lily says.
"They could have very long lifespans," Akemi says. "It's not like they do a
whole lot of high energy activity."
Liam says in an Earther accent, "All this talk of turning old has reminded me
how important sleep is."
Lily chuckles at Liam.
Liam leans over and kisses Nissi's cheek before standing up from the couch. 
"Time for some sleep!"
Liam O'Toole stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
Lily says to Liam, "You know my thoughts on sleep although yeah I do too much of
it but so it goes."
Akemi says to Liam, "Get your beauty sleep, stay youthful."
Lily grins.
Liam says, "Youthful beauty sleeps are important when you are dating something
younger than you."
Liam grins.
Lily says to Liam, "You are correct!"
"Yay, SLEEP," says Nissi.
Akemi smiles.
Lily looks at Shule who is younger than her.
Lily grins.
grin
You grin.
Liam says to Nissi in an Earther accent, "Get excited!"
Liam says, "Fly safe, folks."
Lily waves to Liam.
wave liam
You wave to Liam.
Liam O'Toole bebops southwest.
The ship's hull creaks as it travels through space, but it sounds like the
creaking of wooden planks rather than of metal hull plates.
Lily moves closer to shule.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily.
Lily cuddles up to you.
Lily smiles at you.
Nissi yawns.
Nissi Valdaire scrambles to her feet.
Nissi Valdaire walks southeast.
[Newbie Help] Ted Warburton transmits, "Can anyone remind me how to answer the
text based transmissions please?"
[Newbie Help] Cesar Ysidro transmits, "GEN (message)."
"Yeah I'm good for an hour or two max," Lily says.
nod lily
You nod to Lily.
The ship's hull creaks as it travels through space, but it sounds like the
creaking of wooden planks rather than of metal hull plates.
The wind falls, the ocean growing noticeably flatter.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in from
the southwest.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
pet sassi
You stroke the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand, looking
up at you adoringly.
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
There appears to be nothing unique in the nearby riftflow. In realspace, there's
nothing but vacuum all around.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
Endless waves ripple off into the distance beyond this wooden ship's railings.
Thick timbers rest underfoot, creaking steadily as the craft bobs up and down.
Large white sails billow overhead, propelling the ship across the sea's surface
at a steady pace. Puffy white clouds float through the sky placidly while a
bright yellow star beats down with merciless heat. Salt spray fills the air
intermittently when the ship crashes through a wave, and the rope rigging creaks
loudly with each gust. A few gulls circle lazily overhead, although no land is
in sight. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking
through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos', a white
time meter, and Sassie the large fuchsia felo here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Anfisa of Marzore is dozing on a modern white pod chair. Blake Madison is dozing
on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Akemi Bando is sitting on a modern
white pod chair. Michael Winters and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare black
EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders
southwest.
The ship's hull creaks as it travels through space, but it sounds like the
creaking of wooden planks rather than of metal hull plates.
The smell of salt and the sounds of the waves slowly begin to fade, until once
more nothing but a formless void surrounds the ship.
The formless mists suddenly resolve into a dust-laden wind. After a moment the
dust settles, and one of the horses in front of you lets out a quiet whicker as
the carriage's wheels creak ceaselessly below.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly into the area.
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Freyja lovingly.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja flicks its tongue out.
Lily pats a Tardick lizard named Freyja lightly.
The endless noise of the carriage's wheels quiet slightly as it slows.
A Tardick lizard named Freyja trundles slowly southwest.
l
[Starship "We Strive To Live In Peace"; Control Room]
A dusty, earthy smell permeates the hot and dry air. The ship seems to be
constantly shaking, bumping along its path. From the front of the ship you hear
a faint animal grunt, like the whinnying of horses. The flooring seems wooden
and the walls are soft like fabric, almost warm to the touch. Outside the
windows, the ship appears to be progressing down a cobbled road. Grass stretches
away before fading to mist. Lights overhead indicate that the ship is on green
status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a cream wormhole drive tracer, a cream destination finder, a cream time
meter, a cream oriental rug with an intricate yellow flower pattern, a dark
yellow leather captain's chair, a reflective oval coffee table with a
transparent yellow plastic top and spindly chrome-plated legs, a small yellow
battery-operated fan, a shiny yellow trash bin, a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch, a black leather sectional sofa, a modern white pod chair with a cream
leather interior, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, an
elegant crystal decanter, a small blue insulated cooler, a small black cooler, a
bottle of peach schnapps, a bottle of expensive cognac, a clear plastic food
storage container, a cream plastic box labeled 'Space Imager Photos', and a
white time meter here.
Nathaniel Owens and Simon Collins are sleeping on a black leather sectional
sofa.
Blake Madison is dozing on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch. Anfisa of
Marzore and Akemi Bando are dozing on a modern white pod chair. Michael Winters
and Lily Kaise are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go southeast, southwest, and out.
(You are sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.)
A Tardick lizard named Asteria shifts and then wakes, opening its yellow eyes
slowly.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out.
]
I don't understand that.
]
I don't understand that.
]
I don't understand that.
]
I don't understand that.
]
I don't understand that.
A small stand of trees passes by on the left of the carriage.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in from
the southwest.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tail.
A small stand of trees passes by on the left of the carriage.
The endless noise of the carriage's wheels quiet slightly as it slows.
Lily yawns.
Lily leans on you.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo jumps into Akemi Bando's lap and settles in,
purring.
Lily grins.
Akemi Bando strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Akemi's hand.
Nathaniel Owens suddenly awakens.
Nathaniel Owens navigates his neon orange touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
Nathaniel Owens switches a neon orange touch einrophone off.
Nathaniel Owens slumps in a black leather sectional sofa and goes to sleep.
A small stand of trees passes by on the left of the carriage.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out.
Akemi Bando strokes the soft fur of Sassie the large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against Akemi's hand.
stretch
l
l
l
#end
#SESSION 'star' DIED.
