1. You encounter a hostile force in deep space that clearly outmatches your own.
What do you do and why?
You entered: After evaluating the number and class of ships comprising the
hostile force, I would announce over the tactical channel passing on the
information regarding the number and class of ships allowing anyone who wishes
to assist to respond in an appropriate ship. If I am in a combat ship, I would
try to engage and destroy as many of the ships as I can, but if the force is
really too overwhelming, I would do what is necessary to leave the sector,
making sure to indicate my departure over the tactical channel. 
2. Consider the above question again, but now assume that the overwhelming
hostile force is threatening a civilian location. What do you do and why?
You entered: As in the previous question, I would first gather information about
the number and class of ships present and transmit this information over the
tactical channel. Second, I would again try to destroy as many ships as I can.
During beacon drops and missions, we are always out numbered and out gunned, but
it’s our tactics that give us the advantage. However, if the force is too
overwhelming, I would attempt to leave the sector, gather crew for a larger ship
and return to the battle. The fact that it is threatening a civilian location
would make it a high priority for me and I would not want to simply abandon the
fight. If other civilian ships pass through that location, they would be in
danger.
3. Would you rather be short one gunner or short an engineer? Why?
You entered: I would rather be short a gunner since the ship can still do damage
being short one gunner. Plus, we often conduct beacon drops and missions under
crewed. They often take longer, but are still completed. However, since
engineering tools often require the engineer to be settled in the engineering
room, they are unable to make swift repairs or recharge the combat grid, both
important aspects during a battle. It’s no use to have every weapon room
filled if all of the combat grids are drained with no one to recharge it.
4. Your ship has one failsafe left and enemy reinforcements will be arriving
soon. What actions do you take?
You entered: I target any chaining ships and/ or interdictors and leave the
sector. Since reinforcements are arriving soon, I would ask for additional ships
to assist and/ or bring a larger, more powerful ship.
5. You are part of a large combat force attacking an Outsider patrol. You easily
overwhelm them, but before you can take out the stragglers, a Magistrate-class
regional mothership appears. What do you and your allies do and why?
You entered: I would destroy the rest of the stragglers and any escorts brought
by the mothership. Since it’s just stragglers left and I don’t believe that
a regional mothership can be easily destroyed. I would leave the sector and talk
to someone who has defeated them before to obtain advice about the best way to
destroy it.
6. In the event of a large-scale invasion of human space by hostile forces, what
would be your priority and why?
You entered: I would want to protect important research centres and highly
populated planets first to minimise destruction and ensure that important
research could continue.
7. In an emergency, you and your ship are placed at the disposal of a naval wing
commander. How do you feel you would handle this situation?
8. What would you say is your greatest weakness as a combat pilot?
9. How long do you expect this ship to remain undamaged?
10. How would you predict this ship will be destroyed?
11. What do you plan to name this ship, should you acquire one?
12. You must choose a theme song that you will completely rock out to while
fighting. What song do you choose?
13. What is your favorite color?
[