siekanas
Welcome to...       **
                   **
                  ** ******* **** ********
                 **  ****** **  ** ***  ***
                  **   **  ******** *******
                   **  ** **      ** **  **
                    ** ** **      ** **   **                   
         _______    ** ** **      ** **    **   ___________
        /       \  **  ** **      ** **     ** |           |
       /    ____/ **                         **|___     ___|
       |   /     **                           **   |   |
       |   |    _____ _____ _____ _   _ _____ _____|   |
       |   \___/  _  |  _  /  _  | | | |  -- | ____|   |
       \       | |_| | | | | |_| | |_| | ____|____ |   |
        \______\_____|_| |_\___  |_____|_____|_____|___|
                               | |_
                               | | |
                                \_/
Official Website: http://squidsoft.net
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Humanity has just emerged from the lowest point in its collective history, and
the closest it has been to extinction since the advent of agriculture. By the
year 2304, the Coalition of humans and their alien allies the Jinu has spread
across the stars, and thought themselves powerful. But the Outsiders, an alien
empire occupying vast reaches of Rimward space, proved them wrong. First contact
between the two allies was severed, and suddenly humanity was alone. Then the
Outsiders attacked in force, and human planets and governments fell one by one.
                         It was the apocalypse.
But contrary to the beliefs of many, not all hope was lost. After five years,
a single starship, the Percival Lowell, returned from Rimward space, bringing
with it the means to nullify the Outsiders' greatest weapon. With this, and the
help of many other brave pilots, the occupying Outsiders were driven off human
               worlds and back to where they came from.
 Humanity is now trying to rebuild, and trying to regain what it has lost. The
Outsiders are finished with occupation, and now desire only to see humans
extinct.
New threats and new mysteries seem to appear every day. In the midst of it all,
civilian starships span the stars, maintaining an open threat against any new
       invasion and trying to make a few credits while they're at it.
You too have felt the lure of this; the desire for a unique freedom that most
citizens will never know, the drive to explore, the need to defend your species,
         and yes, greed for the vast wealth that is to be had.
                   It is time to take to the stars.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to the original and still the most innovative pulp science fiction
multiplayer roleplaying adventure!
Originally opened in its classic form on 19 December 1998! Reopened in its new
iteration on 28 February 2009!
All original work (including setting, non-player characters, design, source
code, all related background material, and all text) located in this game or on
the Squidsoft.net website is copyright (c) Squidsoft.net 1998-2015. Unauthorised
reproduction prohibited.
Warning: Speech in this game is largely uncensored, and sensitive individuals
may find some other players offensive. The staff is ultimately not responsible
for the words and actions of the players.
The last server reset was at Mon Sep 26 07:13:15 2016 UTC
We're on Twitter! @StarConquest for server status notifications and out-of-game
contact!
No new announcements to display.
Squidsoft.net Account Support and Maintenance: http://moo.squidsoft.net:3333/
If you do not yet have a Squidsoft.net account, type CREATE or visit the above
web address.
Please log in now.
Account ID:
Password: 
EOF-0601
Retrieving account information. Please wait...
Account: siekanas
[1] Connect as Shule Elemmire
[2] Delete Character
[3] Log Out
Enter your selection.
1
    * Welcome to Star Conquest! *
[Starship "Zéro Des Cartes"; Forward Observation]
Crystal clear water fills the fishbowl, and layer of gravel on the floor creates
a natural looking substrate. A bubbling plastic treasure chest in the center is
guarded by a plastic diver wearing a diving bell, and a kelp-like neon green
plastic plant waves around, anchored into the gravel. A large goldfish and
several tetras inhabit the fishbowl, along with a snail. A thick band that
stretches across all of the walls at a seven-foot height indicates that the ship
is on red status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside
the riftflow.
You see a large dark purple floor pillow, an overstuffed sofa upholstered in
brilliantly colored patchwork fabric, an emerald green armchair with a hand-made
purple and sapphire star quilt on it, a long table dressed with a fancy white
cloth decorated with an overall gold fleur-de-lys design, a very large glossy
poster of Nouveau Quebec Premier Maxime Roberge giving two thumbs up, a small
cinnamon brown trash bin, a large bubbling royal blue-lit aquarium containing
white round rocks, a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a
side table dressed with a fancy white cloth decorated with gold fleur-de-lis, a
black plastic tray of spider chow, a glossy dark violet ceramic felo chow bowl,
a soft square brown floor cushion, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick silver fringe, a large white and turquoise paisley floor
pillow with thick silver fringe, a soft square dark blue rug with a luxuriously
deep pile and thick gold fringe, a transparisteel plaque engraved with the
phrase ""Is good to expect nothing." -Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys", a small
orange ball containing a realistic Bari horde noisemaker, a round saffron orange
zafu with a white strap, Manx the little calico CatBot, and a cute little plush
calico cat with brilliant green eyes here.
Aisling the Fox is sitting on a round saffron orange zafu. Pierre-Louis
Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec is sitting on an emerald green armchair.
Anfisa of Marzore and Akemi Bando are dozing on a soft square dark blue rug.
Soraya Rhyz is sitting on a large dark purple floor pillow. Keegan Wantz is
sitting on Soraya Rhyz's lap. Lily Kaise is sitting on a large white and
turquoise paisley floor pillow.
You can go east, south, and west.
(You are sitting on a large white and turquoise paisley floor pillow with thick
silver fringe.)
eta
I don't understand that.
**
 Welcome back to Star Conquest!
**
 Consider voting for Star Conquest at MUD listing sites! Votes help keep new
players coming to the game!
 The Mud Connector: http://www.mudconnect.com/mud-bin/vote_rank.cgi?mud=Star+Con
quest
 Top Mud Sites:     http://www.topmudsites.com/vote-sc.html
**
 TIP: Use the EXPERIENCE command to see how you compare to other pilots in your
alliance.
**
eta
I don't understand that.
The neon green plastic plant slowly undulates.
who
There appear to be about 17 pilots recently active.
The starship's computer and QE comm detect:
*Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
*Lily Kaise  (A)
*Soraya Rhyz  (L)
%Nicolette of None  (L)
%Elizabeth Beckman  (L)
%Melinda Michaels  (L)
%Damien Goss  (L)
%Morris Corlew  (L)
*Keegan Wantz  (F)
%Damien Alexander  (F)
%Tabi Canis  (F) [a]
%Evenia Callseah  (F)
%James Kennedy  (F)
%Ted Warburton  (F)
*Aisling the Fox  (M)
*Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec  (M)
%Liam O'Toole  (M)
* == Out of communications range
% == Detected via Quantum Entanglement comm
Additionally, there are 8 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 25 pilots.
eta
I don't understand that.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
eta
I don't understand that.
The neon green plastic plant slowly undulates.
The water suddenly roils as it drains rapidly from the bowl. When it empties,
you find yourself back in the starship.
A high pitched whistling sound screams overhead as a mortar shell flies through
the air. It explodes nearby with tremendous force, and when the dust and smoke
clears, the starship is gone, replaced with a deep earthen trench and the sounds
of battle.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Yep."
Keegan says to Soraya in an Asuncionite accent, "Up for an early freeze?"
Keegan Wantz glances wildly about in a paranoid manner.
Keegan Wantz removes a pair of heavily bejeweled gold earmuffs from a navy blue
canvas backpack.
Keegan Wantz puts on a pair of heavily bejeweled gold earmuffs.
Keegan sinks down into the couch next to Soraya.
Akemi Bando stretches.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria turns to regard its surroundings from its perch
on Lily Kaise's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
Akemi Bando stands up from a soft square dark blue rug with a luxuriously deep
pile and thick gold fringe.
Akemi Bando walks east.
Soraya Rhyz smiles at Keegan Wantz.
Akemi Bando walks in from the east.
Soraya Rhyz wraps her arms around Keegan Wantz, pulling him close.
Akemi Bando sits down on a soft square dark blue rug with a luxuriously deep
pile and thick gold fringe.
Akemi Bando twists the bottom of a closed cup of clam chowder upward, activating
the internal self-heating mechanism.
The bottom of a closed cup of clam chowder pops back out as its self-heating is
completed.
Soraya rubs Keegan's shoulder soothingly.
Akemi Bando pulls the lid off a hot cup of clam chowder.
Akemi Bando takes a few big flavorful spoonfuls from a hot cup of clam chowder.
Akemi Bando takes a few more spoonfuls of a hot cup of clam chowder.
Akemi Bando navigates her metallic gray touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
Akemi Bando glances down at her black wrist-mounted chronometer momentarily.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec says in a Frenchified Rimward
accent, "Time is slowly progressing."
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "One seccycle at a time."
Akemi Bando takes a few more spoonfuls of a hot cup of clam chowder.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around Lily Kaise's neck.
eta
I don't understand that.
Keegan wrinkles his nose, and sniffs.
Soraya Rhyz looks at Keegan Wantz thoughtfully.
Akemi Bando abandons her spoon and slurps down the last of a cold cup of clam
chowder, draining the cup.
smell
You sniff absently at the air.
Akemi Bando puts a foam cup in a small cinnamon brown trash bin.
Lily Kaise absently sniffs at the air.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec absently sniffs at the air.
Lily Kaise sniffs at you. You can only wonder what's so interesting.
Lily Kaise laughs.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Well it's not you."
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec removes a squid-shaped can of air
freshener from a small black leather backpack.
smel lily
I don't understand that.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Lots of sniffing."
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec sprays a bit of a squid-shaped
can of air freshener into the air, and the scent of squid permeates the area.
smell lily
You sniff at Lily Kaise. You smell the light, sweet scent of the first blossoms
of late spring lavender.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec absently sniffs at the air.
Akemi Bando absently sniffs at the air.
Soraya Rhyz absently sniffs at the air.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec says in a Frenchified Rimward
accent, "Very aquarium."
-lily Not you either.
You say to Lily, "Not you either."
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec puts a squid-shaped can of air
freshener in a small black leather backpack.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Squidy."
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "Smells like a fish market."
Lily Kaise absently sniffs at the air.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Akemi Bando stands up from a soft square dark blue rug with a luxuriously deep
pile and thick gold fringe.
Akemi Bando walks east.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Hmm something smells fishy!"
Akemi Bando walks in from the east.
Akemi Bando sits down on a soft square dark blue rug with a luxuriously deep
pile and thick gold fringe.
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a cup of hot black coffee.
smell
You sniff absently at the air. The air smells like squid.
Lily Kaise removes an elegant crystal decanter from a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
'Definitely fishy.
You say, "Definitely fishy."
Lily Kaise puts down an elegant crystal decanter.
use decanter
You examine an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio
[2] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel
[3] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir
[4] Cafe Pepe (Secret Recipe) Sangria
[5] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Extra-Dry Prosecco
Enter your selection:
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "The fish market in Manhattan is
pretty good."
Lily Kaise examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
3
You help yourself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec says in a Frenchified Rimward
accent, "Well, keep decanting, I am gonna go for the sleepy."
Lily Kaise helps herself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec stands up from an emerald green
armchair with a hand-made purple and sapphire star quilt on it.
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "The one in Tokyo is just huge
though."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Drink enough wine and it won't matter."
Akemi Bando waves to Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec says in a Frenchified Rimward
accent, "Keep the fishes living on."
'I think I will just sniff my wine.
You say, "I think I will just sniff my wine."
Lily Kaise waves to Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec.
Lily says to Pierre-Louis, "Have a cool time."
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec says in a Frenchified Rimward
accent, "All awaits."
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec says in a Frenchified Rimward
accent, "Nah, only two cryotubes left, I will be nice and leave them to Keegan
and Sora."
wave pierre
You wave to Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec says in a Frenchified Rimward
accent, "It would be rude otherwise."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ah ok well them have a good sleepy
time."
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec says in a Frenchified Rimward
accent, "Carry on boldly."
Lily Kaise absently bobs her head up and down like a space parakeet.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec moves south.
An injured soldier hobbles by using his rifle as a makeshift crutch. His left
leg is soaked in blood.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Anyone is welcome to wine form the
decanter."
smell goblet
You sniff at a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir. It smells like a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet
of Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Lily Kaise sniffs at a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio. You can only wonder what's so interesting.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Lily holds her goblet up and swirls it gently and then sniffs inside of the
goblet.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Nope it's fine!"
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a cup of hot black coffee.
: sniffs ~goblet and inhales the fragrance of the wine.
Shule sniffs a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir and inhales the fragrance of the wine.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "Coffee and wine. Sounds like
something a Napa valley transplant would attempt in Seattle."
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a cup of hot black coffee.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Could be."
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Akemi Bando exclaims in a strange Japanese accent, "Not that I've ever been to
Napa. Or Seattle. But I've heard of them!"
Akemi Bando takes a sip of a cup of hot black coffee.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "New earth is rich with wineries."
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I've seen them from Luna, sort of."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "That part of the world, anyway."
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "I have also not been to either of
these places. But I have met someone from Seattle. Allegedly. Allegedly from
there."
Soraya Rhyz hugs Keegan Wantz.
prifle
I don't understand that.
profile
--
Shule Elemmire's Last Submitted Profile
Current Status: APPROVED
I was born the youngest in a family of aspiring over achievers. My siblings 
excelled in almost every subject in school and my family was and is still well 
respected in the community.
However, I was the exception. Oh, I had my own academic successes, but I longed 
to do something different. While my siblings each studied medicine, law and 
teaching, I was often found gazing up at the New Earth night skies. My family 
continually encouraged me to pursue, what they referred to as a "normal job", I 
could never find the same enthusiasm in them that my siblings found.
I have a curious, carefree and adventurous spirit. Ever since I was young, I 
was always looking for the next adventure. As I gazed at the stars, I would 
imagine undiscovered worlds, new and strange races, and fascinating cultures. 
So, despite my family's objections, I sought every opportunity to learn about 
space and becoming a pilot. 
I'm known for my outgoing expressive personality and though I'm not usually the 
life of the party, I'm usually the one going around introducing himself to 
everyone there. If you look for the shiest person there, I'll be the one next 
to them trying to break them out of their shell. Although I don't advocate 
violence, I am fiercely loyal and therefore will not hesitate to enter combat 
to protect the Alliance or other friendly ships.
Notes about approval:
(none)
--
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
A Tardick lizard named Raissa turns to regard its surroundings from its perch on
Anfisa of Marzore's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief
moment.
Bullets zip overhead, fired from an enemy machine gun on the battlefield.
Akemi Bando finishes off a cup of hot black coffee.
Akemi Bando puts a cup in a small cinnamon brown trash bin.
Lily Kaise finishes off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise puts a goblet in a small cinnamon brown trash bin.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
drink goblet
You finish off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir.
Lily Kaise examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
put goblet in trash
You put a goblet in a small cinnamon brown trash bin.
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "Multiple times, on further
reflection."
eta
I don't understand that.
help language
There is no help topic matching 'language.'
Would you like to search the help file system for 'language'? [Enter `yes' or
`no']
y
Searching 162 help files for the string "language"...
Matching help files:
[1] Children Of The Sun
[2] EMOTE Command
[3] POSE Command
[4] Good Practices In Roleplaying
[5] Basic Profile Help
Enter your selection:
Aisling the Fox looks at Anfisa of Marzore thoughtfully.
4
--
Star Conquest Help: Good Practices In Roleplaying
--
Category: Background
--
INTRODUCTION
Roleplaying is exactly what it sounds like: playing a role. Imagine a person
with a different personality or, at the very least, a different history than
yours. Act like this person to the best of your ability. Immerse yourself in the
game and pretend the real world does not exist. That's all it takes to do some
basic roleplay. For more information on the basics, read the Roleplaying 101
help file.
With the definition out of the way, it's time to talk about best practices!
Different games and different people will have different opinions, but this help
file describes the methods that we favor here.
IC AND OOC
There are two sides to the player/character relationship: in character, or IC,
and out of character, or OOC. If you are playing your role, immersing yourself
in the game, and pretending real life does not exist, then you are in character.
If you are not doing these things, if you're acting and speaking as the person
behind your character, the person at your computer, then you are out of
character.
Being OOC is not always bad. Sometimes it's necessary. If something drew you
away from the computer unexpectedly and there's no plausible way to explain it,
telling the people you're with what happened OOCly may be the best way to handle
it.
However, aside from that sort of situation, you should avoid being OOC. You
should strive to be in character as much of the time as possible.
WHEN YOU'RE TOO CLOSE
Many players will say, "I'm not that good at roleplaying, so I just play
myself." The problem here is that playing yourself is not roleplaying, and just
changing sex or age does not necessarily mean that you're not playing yourself.
Whenever your IC and OOC beliefs and motivations are exactly the same, you are
far too close to the game for roleplaying to be able to occur. Mishaps your
character suffers are taken personally instead of adding to the experience of
your character's story. When other characters give you trouble, you will dislike
that character on a personal level and be tempted to seek their downfall both IC
and OOC, either by appealing to the hosts or by spreading rumors about the
player outside of the game. Often players will lie outright about other players,
both in the game and out of it, in an attempt to get others on "their side."
Remember that a roleplaying game is a cooperative experience. There should be no
sides, no tribal-style blocs of players that ostracize others. Even if your
character does not like another character, they're still part of your world and
they should be someone you can interact with. Negative interactions are
roleplaying too! It does not have to mean that you hate the player behind that
character. Refusing to interact with a character/player you dislike makes your
character act strangely. You will tend to go quiet when that character speaks,
let your character idle out of the game, make a swift non-roleplayed exit, or
just quietly disconnect. Later, you will often "roleplay" (in the loosest sense
of the word) about what occurred with the few people you do interact with
(usually out-of-game friends), often blaming the other characters for your own
need to never interact with anyone but a small group of self-affirming friends.
This all sounds like an extremely specific situation, but the reality is, it
tends to be very, very common. The temptation is great to only interact with
characters played by players who you know will approve of all of your actions.
But don't compartmentalize your roleplaying in this way! It makes your character
look strange or neurotic, sometimes it's outright OOC, and overall it indicates
that you don't have the proper separation from your character to be actually
roleplaying at all.
Don't get too close, don't let your out-of-game friends become your character's
only in-game interactions, and don't compartmentalize or segregate your
roleplaying from the game as a whole. It's a whole universe, and it only works
properly as a cooperative experience.
CHARACTER KNOWLEDGE
It's important to separate IC knowledge and OOC knowledge. Just as an example,
sometimes the staff will announce times for upcoming plot events. Announcements
are meant for you, the player, and usually do not occur in any IC medium such as
message boards or news readers. Therefore, since your character is not psychic,
he or she does not know anything is about to happen. You might choose OOCly to
have your character around at the proper time, but ICly he or she has some other
reason to be there and does not know anything important will happen. This is
separating OOC knowledge from your character and it is a very important skill to
have.
This can be very difficult when you learn something OOCly, like via instant
message from another player, about something another character is doing or is
about to do which you would very much like to have some sort of response to. For
example, imagine learning OOCly that your in-game boyfriend is cheating on you.
Unless you also learn of this ICly, your character does not have this knowledge
and you SHOULD NOT act on this OOC knowledge or you are not actually
roleplaying. It can be very difficult, but have willpower!
WHEN TO BE OOC
While the ultimate goal is of course to be IC 100% of the time, it is not
realistic. There are some situations that can only be refered to in OOC ways,
such as a game crash, which some people have tried to mention ICly as some sort
of universal problem; or an individual loss of connection being treated as
"narcolepsy". While inventive, these explanations do not really fit ICly into
the game. Narcolepsy, for instance, would probably make it very difficult or
impossible to gain a pilot's licence, and if it was not mentioned in your
character's profile would not be valid anyway. Another example would be a person
being in a coma, or "sleeping for a week" if they have not been around. People
don't sleep for several days at a time, and a coma is still a serious medical
condition. If someone has not been seen, at best they are just not on comm, or
they may have requested a pass to visit friends or family planetside.
If no plausible in-character explanation exists for something that happened
OOCly, the best thing to do is not to try to mention it ICly at all.
WHAT ARE THE IMPLICATIONS?
Continuing from the previous section, really think about the implications of
what you have your character say. For example, when a player experiences lag, he
might be tempted to announce over the comms that his starship's controls froze
up for a few minutes.
So it has now been stated in character that a starship had a complete control
failure, perhaps in the middle of battle. This can have several IC implications:
1) Starships have been improperly designed and are unsafe, meaning that the
manufacturer is criminally incompetent. 2) An enemy is utilizing a new weapon
that disables control, rendering any starship a sitting duck at will, but they
choose to employ it only infrequently and randomly. 3) The character is lying
and merely covering up his own incompetence, which would be a poor career move.
Which is it? Chances are you have no idea, because you weren't considering any
of that. Your intent was not to communicate any IC implications at all. Instead,
your statement had only OOC implications -- you meant to communicate that your
connection had lagged but you did not wish to use those particular words. As a
result, your character is speaking without any IC intent, and other players will
react to the statement with only the OOC implication in mind, and their
characters will appear to be unconcerned with the prospect that their ships
might randomly fail for no reason. None of this will make any sense.
Some things just aren't IC. If your character's statement has only OOC
implications, then you are being OOC, regardless of the words you have chosen.
OOC statements must be made either in an OOC aside (using the OOCSAY command) or
they must not be made at all and instead simply glossed over. Replacing some
words with other words does not necessarily make a statement IC.
KEEP IT IN GAME
We have many players here who can't meet another character without immediately
wanting to know a way to talk to them in instant message. THIS DOES NOT HELP YOU
ROLEPLAY. Talk to that person in the game, in character, and get to know them
character-to-character. If you get to know that person and feel like you might
like the person behind the character, that might be the time to ask to speak
OOCly. But it certainly should not be the first thing you do. Not only does this
make it impossible for you or that person to actually interact in-character, it
brings down the overall quality of roleplaying for the entire game. When a lot
of your interaction with that person begins taking place outside of the game, it
means that changes in your relationship and decisions you make together start
occurring within the game for what appears to be no reason.
Most players, we suspect, tend to have a particular thought upon being told
this: "Well, maybe that's true for most people, but I'm pretty sure I can have
lots of out-of-game contact and still keep everything separate." Everyone thinks
they're the exception. But the truth is, everyone struggles with properly
separating their character from themselves, and if you intentionally make it
hard on yourself with lots of out-of-game contact, you will swiftly fail to keep
this separation.
Roleplaying is a bit like recycling: it doesn't make a difference if it only
happens on Earth Day. It has to happen all the time, even if it's just a little,
to raise the overall quality of the effort. Roleplaying is not a special
occasion or the exception. You should be roleplaying nearly all of the time
you're in the game.
DON'T BE ONE DIMENSIONAL
Real people usually have at least a few things going on. Real people change over
time. Real people have flaws and weaknesses, good points and strengths.
One way in which people sometimes fail to have an interesting character is to
seize on one unlikely gimmick and base the whole of their character around it.
For instance, perhaps your character studied medieval swordfighting for some
reason. This is something your character brings up constantly. He emotes pulling
out a practice sword and swinging it around in the middle of unrelated
conversations. No one really knows anything else about him, and indeed there is
probably not much more to know. This is not an interesting character. Do not
focus on "unique," focus on "real." Real people are unique and interesting
simply because they are individuals.
Another common way that characters are not interesting is when they're used
primarily as outlets for stress and aggressiveness. When a character is guilty
of this, she often hates everyone except herself and perhaps a tiny circle of
friends, invents reasons for this attitude after the fact or seizes on slimly
validating bits of otherwise inconsequential theme information, takes advantage
of game mechanics to harass or negatively affect other players while remaining
anonymous or otherwise denying any possible opportunity to roleplay about it,
and, perhaps most importantly, never changes her attitude regardless of the
game's evolving plotline or the attitudes of other characters. Distrust is not
the same thing as passionate hatred, and demonstrating hatred in a manner which
denies any chance for anyone to properly react to it or roleplay about it is
unlikely to be strictly IC, and is perhaps closer to the concept of trolling.
In essence, complex characters have several strengths, several interests, but
also deliberate flaws. They also evolve and change over time. You may, of
course, choose to play your character as an unrepentant jackass, but this
attitude taken too far verges into out-of-character trolling territory and, in
general, has a negative effect on the game and on how much the players around
you enjoy the game. We will, in general, not punish people OOCly for anything
that appears, at least on the surface, to be legitimate roleplaying, but
characters like this will eventually face in-character consequences. More
passive gimmick characters usually require no intervention, as the game is
inevitably less interesting for these people and they tend to flame out rapidly
on their own.
USE THE STAFF
Wondering how your character and his or her interactions hold up to our
standards? Want to make sure some part of your story that you didn't think to
include in your profile can fit into the game's theme? Wondering about some
obscure aspect of background information or history that we either don't mention
anywhere or have just never thought about? Ask the staff! Use the SUPPORT
command! We'll talk about it, make a decision, and get back to you. Anything we
tell you will be completely canon, meaning that it will become part of the
game's ongoing theme and you will never go wrong talking about it. If it's
justified by your roleplaying, we can help you add something truly unique to
your character's story or share something truly new with other characters. You
just have to ask.
BE PROACTIVE, NOT REACTIVE
Games like this can be, and often are, played passively on the part of the
players -- the staff put a plotline before the players, perhaps with a few token
decisions, and the players are led through the proper course of action until
they get to the predetermined endpoint. This is not inherently bad and can often
be enjoyable, leading to epic setpieces with explosive conclusions. However,
it's a bit like watching television: While you can shout at the screen all you
like, the plot is going to play out the same way no matter what you say or do.
Often our plots instead rely on players being proactive. If you know what needs
to happen in an ongoing storyline... then try to make it happen! Cooperate with
other players, contact NPCs, or do something else to take action. Many of our
plots can branch in many different directions, and the outcome relies on the
choices made by the players -- and inaction is most certainly a choice, and
often not a very good one.
Remember that your character can take almost any action that you can conceive
of, as long as it's thematic and consistent with your character concept. If
you're not sure what to do or want to explore your options, feel free to open a
support ticket with the staff, but keep in mind that it would defeat the purpose
if we tell you exactly what to do. Put yourself in your character's head and do
what makes sense for them.
IN SUMMARY...
* Play a consistent character that is different from yourself.
* Keep OOC and IC knowledge separate.
* If something can only be plausibly referred to OOC, try not to mention it ICly
at all.
* Roleplaying never happens outside of the game. Sign off Skype, exit the IM
program, and forget about Twitter while you play for the best experience.
* Try to roleplay all the time, as much as possible!
* Roleplay with the entire world, not just with a few players you like. Don't
compartmentalize your roleplaying.
* Play a character that feels real.
* Things that you do in the game will have consequences. Play accordingly!
* Be proactive! Don't just wait for things to happen to you, make them happen
for you!
MORE TIPS FOR ROLEPLAYING
* Use the EMOTE command to add flavor to your dialogue or to highlight the
unique body language of your character.
* However, don't use the EMOTE command to "think" or "wonder" things. Other
characters are not psychic!
* Don't OOCly plan out future in-character interactions with someone else. Just
do it!
* If you've said something OOCly more than twice in the past minute, you're
using OOCsay too much.
* Don't emote about what other people do. For example, "Bill punches Bob in the
nose, and Bob grabs his face and falls over and cries" does not give Bob a
chance to craft his own reaction to the situation.
* Similarly, take a hint from another character's emotes and respect the player
behind him or her. If he or she "pulls away" from you, don't immediately emote
about overcoming their effort and keeping them held to you. Give the other
player a chance to direct the interaction.
* You can roleplay negative interactions too. Seeing someone you don't like and
silently leaving the room, then complaining to a friend later, allows no
opportunity to roleplay with the character you dislike. Instead, emote glaring
at them as you stand to leave and see what happens! It's all part of human
interaction and should not be avoided. Roleplay WITH other people, not just
ABOUT them, or it's very unfair!
* You can make things up about your character, but you can't make things up
about the game world. Crafting a history for yourself is fine, but crafting a
made-up history about your planet or your alliance is beyond your bounds and
will almost certainly interfere with the "reality" of the game world.
* Similarly, make sure your character belongs in this world. It might be
exciting for your character to once have been the first mate of Space Blackbeard
who ended up eaten by insectoid aliens, but none of those things have anything
to do with Star Conquest.
* Ask staff for help. Need to know something specific about the game's theme,
its history, or anything else that's not mentioned or we haven't thought about
before? Ask us! We'll give you a definitive answer and then you can spread that
knowledge far and wide through your roleplaying.
* If you think your character would know something ICly that you don't know
OOCly, you can ask another player in a quick OOC aside, or ask a host.
* Remember to have character flaws. No one knows everything or is good at
everything. In fact, this would make your character quite boring.
* Real people, and realistic characters, change and grow over time. Craft a
story for yourself.
* Craft a character that you can have fun with and enjoy your roleplaying.
--
Aisling the Fox asks in an unusual Irish accent, "Who is that?"
Matching Line: * Use the EMOTE command to add flavor to your dialogue or to
highlight the unique body language of your character.
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "You have also met him."
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "Aziz."
Aisling the Fox snaps her fingers.
Aisling the Fox says in an unusual Irish accent, "I do recall that now, yes."
eta
I don't understand that.
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "I remember he mentioned that
coffee shop he liked."
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "Allegro."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "All I remember was all the drugs."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "And the picture he took of Aisling."
Aisling the Fox shudders.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "We won't think of what happened to that."
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "It is easy to draw conclusion."
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "He is decent at Spinward Standard
English. Surprised me."
A Tardick lizard named Raissa flicks its tongue out from its perch on Anfisa of
Marzore's shoulder.
peer s
You peer south...
[Starship "Zéro Des Cartes"; Cryosuspension; Fore]
This earthen trench has been dug deep into the ground; the walls are reinforced
with wooden beams and stacked crates of ammunition. It has rained recently, and
the ground is slick and muddy. An ever-present fog hangs heavily in the air,
thick with the smell of gunpowder and death. A thick band that stretches across
all of the walls at a seven-foot height indicates that the ship is on red
status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a painting framed in gold gilt of a solitary sugar maple on a snowy
hill, a row of cryosuspension tubes containing Kim Saunders beating at the hatch
of the tube and Klaus Stein staring with eyes wide and mouth wide open in a
silent scream, a portable hot tub, a crudely hammered scrap metal feeding
trough, a black plastic tray of spider chow, Klaus Stein's locker, and a hairy
dark yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Tiki here.
You can go north, south, and up.
An injured soldier hobbles by using his rifle as a makeshift crutch. His left
leg is soaked in blood.
eta
I don't understand that.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "He did say it took him awhile to
learn it."
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "And I imagine he gets to use it
most days."
Corey Matthews strides in from the south.
Corey Matthews waves.
Corey Matthews sits down on an overstuffed sofa upholstered in brilliantly
colored patchwork fabric.
Lily Kaise waves to Corey Matthews.
wave corey
You wave to Corey Matthews.
Akemi Bando says in a strange Japanese accent, "Hello."
-corey Top of themorning to ya.
You say to Corey, "Top of themorning to ya."
Lily says to Corey in a New Earth accent, "Good day."
Corey Matthews asks in an Iowan accent, "Heya Lily, Akemi, Shule. How's it goin'
this mornin?"
'It goes.
You say, "It goes."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Relatively quiet."
nod
You nod.
Corey Matthews says in an Iowan accent, "Well no w I'm here."
Corey Matthews grins.
Lily Kaise chuckles.
Corey Matthews says in an Iowan accent, "Just kiddin'. It'll stay quiet."
Akemi says to Lily, "Speak for your own ears, I still have tinnitus."
The computer beeps in an imperative manner and informs you that the starship's
sensors have detected a new location of interest in the riftflow.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Just drinking a little wine and watching
for the next interesting site."
Corey says to Akemi, "I'm just glad you can hear, but I'm sorry for the
ringing."
rift loc
You have the computer scan the riftflow for nearby things of interest.
An astable riftstorm appears to be 2.13 light-trade cycles away toward Galactic
Westnorthwest.
'Hi rift storm.
You say, "Hi rift storm."
Keegan Wantz takes off a pair of heavily bejeweled gold earmuffs.
Corey says to Lily, "Oh may I partake of the decanter please?"
Soraya Rhyz snuggles up to Keegan Wantz's shoulder.
Keegan Wantz glances around at his surroundings.
Keegan Wantz puts on a pair of heavily bejeweled gold earmuffs.
Soraya Rhyz kisses Keegan Wantz on the cheek.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Sure and you don't have to ask. Just
help yourself."
Corey Matthews examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
Corey Matthews helps himself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cafe Pepe
Sangria.
Corey says to Lily, "I just want to be respectful."
Corey Matthews smiles.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I know but it's ok. That is why I put it
down."
Corey smiles and nods.
Anfisa of Marzore says to Akemi, "Is always surprising to hear someone who is
not from some part of Spinward space speaking Spinward Standard English. Not
many people care to learn."
Corey Matthews takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cafe Pepe
Sangria.
Akemi says to Anfisa of Marzore, "Not so many have opportunity either though? It
is a long trip."
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Seems like Aziz has been around those parts
for a while, more than most who aren't from there."
use phone
Your number: 0010-18113
What would you like to do with your metallic gold touch einrophone?
[1] Dial
[2] Manage Contacts (14/32)
[3] Register on Directory
[4] View Missed Calls (0)
[5] Listen to Voicemail (0)
[6] Set Voicemail Greeting
[7] Read Message Boards
[8] Clear Unread Message Board Posts
[9] Space Station Reference
[10] Activate Holovid
[11] Silence
[12] Nothing
Enter your selection:
n
Invalid selection.
use decanter
You examine an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio
[2] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel
[3] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir
[4] Cafe Pepe (Secret Recipe) Sangria
[5] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Extra-Dry Prosecco
Enter your selection:
1
You help yourself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Explosions begin to ring out all around. An officer begins to shout to take
cover just as a bomb bursts nearby. A burning wave of fire and blinding light
instantly consumes everything, and then you find yourself back in the starship.
eta
I don't understand that.
A fiery cloud of pyroclastic ash roars through the starship, burning the walls
away. When it passes, the ship is a drifting platform hovering through a barren
hellscape covered in ash. A volcano spews ash and fire into the blackened sky as
glowing lava flows down its sides. The scorched remains of trees, animals, and
humans caught in the blast litter the ground.
Corey Matthews takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cafe Pepe
Sangria.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria turns to regard its surroundings from its perch
on Lily Kaise's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
eta
I don't understand that.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "Still are ways to learn."
Corey Matthews takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cafe Pepe
Sangria.
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "Practical application is perhaps
limited, however."
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
drink goblet
You finish off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
put goblet in trash
You put a goblet in a small cinnamon brown trash bin.
A Tardick lizard named Raissa curls its tail loosely around Anfisa of Marzore's
neck.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "You might be able to find some old stuff in
English, but it's probably different from Spinward English. At least I would
reason."
Corey says to you in an Iowan accent, "Thirsty?"
Akemi says to Soraya, "You're talking about Diaspora-era English?"
grin corey 'I just forgot how much I like that kind of wine.
You grin at Corey Matthews. "I just forgot how much I like that kind of wine."
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Corey grins at you and nods.
Corey Matthews takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cafe Pepe
Sangria.
Akemi says to Anfisa of Marzore, "Like that holovid about the spacedog."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "All of them are good."
Corey Matthews says in an Iowan accent, "I admit I haven't tried any but the
sangria. But sangria has always been a favorite of mine."
Soraya says to Akemi, "Could be, yeah. Or even older stuff."
Anfisa of Marzore says in a Spinward accent, "Is different but somewhat
understandable. Script is different, however."
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
-lily All the ones I've tried have been excellent.
You say to Lily, "All the ones I've tried have been excellent."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "The script I saw at Dolia looked somewhat
like what I've seen at home on some of my grandma's old stuff."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Thanks. They are most of my favorites.
Maybe someday I'll get another decanter with others or if they could possibly
fit a couple more in this one, I don't know."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I never could read it though, so no idea
what it is or what it says."
-lily Do you know of any good places to get champaigne?
You say to Lily, "Do you know of any good places to get champaigne?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hmm."
Akemi says to you in a strange Japanese accent, "Try France."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well Prosecco is similar but the only
champagne I've seen is generally at a function."
Keegan Wantz takes off a pair of heavily bejeweled gold earmuffs.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "All better."
Keegan Wantz puts a pair of heavily bejeweled gold earmuffs in a navy blue
canvas backpack.
Keegan Wantz leans on Soraya Rhyz.
Soraya Rhyz smiles at Keegan Wantz.
Soraya says to Keegan in a Luna accent, "Did those help."
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
'think it's about time for me to start wandering toward bed.
You say, "Think it's about time for me to start wandering toward bed."
Lily Kaise nods.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Will finish my wine and i'll be ready."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "A bit."
Keegan Wantz winks at Soraya Rhyz.
Corey Matthews finishes off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cafe Pepe
Sangria.
Corey Matthews puts a goblet in a small cinnamon brown trash bin.
Soraya says to Keegan, "That's good."
Soraya Rhyz leans on Keegan Wantz.
wave 'Night all
You wave. "Night all."
stand
You stand up from a large white and turquoise paisley floor pillow with thick
silver fringe.
Corey Matthews says in an Iowan accent, "Night shule, night Lily."
Akemi Bando waves.
Lily Kaise stands up from a large white and turquoise paisley floor pillow with
thick silver fringe.
Lily Kaise waves and smiles.
s
[Starship "Zéro Des Cartes"; Cryosuspension; Fore]
You see a painting framed in gold gilt of a solitary sugar maple on a snowy
hill, a row of cryosuspension tubes containing Kim Saunders beating at the hatch
of the tube and Klaus Stein staring with eyes wide and mouth wide open in a
silent scream, a portable hot tub, a crudely hammered scrap metal feeding
trough, a black plastic tray of spider chow, Klaus Stein's locker, a hairy dark
yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Tiki, a hairy blue and orange striped
eight-legged ArachnoPal named Kai Junior, and Hymn the big blue felo here.
You can go north, south, and up.
s
[Starship "Zéro Des Cartes"; Crew Quarters; Mid]
You see a painting framed in gold gilt of a magnificent sugar maple ablaze with
the colors of autumn, a pair of narrow bunks, a black plastic tray of spider
chow, Zorya the hovering dragonfly robot, a glossy midnight blue ceramic felo
chow bowl, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and crimson
aquatic life and round rocks, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
crimson and blue aquatic life and round rocks, a hairy yellow eight-legged
ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Angel the old average-sized black ridged felo
here.
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[Starship "Zéro Des Cartes"; Crew Quarters; Aft]
You see a painting framed in gold gilt of a blossoming sugar maple in summer, a
crudely hammered scrap metal feeding trough, a black plastic tray of spider
chow, a wall-sized bubbling coral pink-lit aquarium containing violet and blue
aquatic life and coral rocks, a small bubbling neon blue-lit toroidal aquarium
containing red and blue aquatic life and round rocks, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing fuchsia and cerulean aquatic life and coral
rocks, and Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, and up.
e
[Starship "Zéro Des Cartes"; Living Quarters Six]
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks, a white four poster
rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a
set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and
amethyst flower quilt on it, a small oval turquoise rattan table with a glass
top, a large oval dark purple and light purple cloth rug, a compact red
refrigerator, a small seashell pink trash can, an insulated green cooler, a
small red ball containing a realistic Bari horde noisemaker, a glossy gold
ceramic felo chow bowl, an insulated orange cooler, a black plastic tray of
spider chow, and a purple nylon mesh shopping bag here.
You can go out.
e
You can't go that way.
l
[Starship "Zéro Des Cartes"; Living Quarters Six]
A barren hellscape covered in ash stretches on for miles in all directions. Off
on the horizon, a massive volcano is spewing ash and fire into the blackened sky
from its crater, and glowing lava flows cover the mountain. The scorched remains
of trees, animals, and humans litter the ground. A thick band that stretches
across all of the walls at a seven-foot height indicates that the ship is on red
status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks, a white four poster
rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a
set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and
amethyst flower quilt on it, a small oval turquoise rattan table with a glass
top, a large oval dark purple and light purple cloth rug, a compact red
refrigerator, a small seashell pink trash can, an insulated green cooler, a
small red ball containing a realistic Bari horde noisemaker, a glossy gold
ceramic felo chow bowl, an insulated orange cooler, a black plastic tray of
spider chow, and a purple nylon mesh shopping bag here.
You can go out.
l
[Starship "Zéro Des Cartes"; Living Quarters Six]
A barren hellscape covered in ash stretches on for miles in all directions. Off
on the horizon, a massive volcano is spewing ash and fire into the blackened sky
from its crater, and glowing lava flows cover the mountain. The scorched remains
of trees, animals, and humans litter the ground. A thick band that stretches
across all of the walls at a seven-foot height indicates that the ship is on red
status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is inside the
riftflow.
You see a long plasteel counter, a pair of narrow bunks, a white four poster
rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a
set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and
amethyst flower quilt on it, a small oval turquoise rattan table with a glass
top, a large oval dark purple and light purple cloth rug, a compact red
refrigerator, a small seashell pink trash can, an insulated green cooler, a
small red ball containing a realistic Bari horde noisemaker, a glossy gold
ceramic felo chow bowl, an insulated orange cooler, a black plastic tray of
spider chow, and a purple nylon mesh shopping bag here.
You can go out.
undress into suitcase
You remove all of your clothing, placing it carefully in a small suitcase.
take suitcase
You remove a small suitcase from a leather briefcase.
open suitcase
A small suitcase is already open.
take boxers
You remove a pair of navy blue and red plaid cotton boxers from a small
suitcase.
wear boxers
You step into a pair of navy blue and red plaid cotton boxers and pull them up.
take plaid pajama
I see no "plaid pajama" here.
take plaid pajama
I see no "plaid pajama" here.
take plaid pajama from suitcase
I see no "plaid pajama" in a small suitcase.
take red pajama
I see no "red pajama" here.
take red pajama
I see no "red pajama" here.
take red cotten
I see no "red cotten" here.
take pajama
You remove a pair of blue cotton pajama bottoms from a small suitcase.
wear pajama
You pull a pair of blue cotton pajama bottoms on over your legs.
take pajama
You already have a pair of blue cotton pajama bottoms.
take pajama from suitcase
You remove a red cotton pajama top from a small suitcase.
wear pajama
You pull a red cotton pajama top on over your head.
put suitcase in briefcase
You put a small suitcase in a leather briefcase.
lie bed
You lie down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow,
and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
Lily Kaise glides in from the west.
Lily Kaise sits down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
eta
I don't understand that.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
sit bed
You sit up onto a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow,
and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise finishes off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Was just finishing my wine Love."
Lily Kaise puts a goblet in a small seashell pink trash can.
Lily Kaise stands up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
Lily Kaise removes a small suitcase from a lavender silk backpack embroidered
with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise pulls a mystic purple synthcotton shipsuit off.
Lily Kaise puts a mystic purple synthcotton shipsuit in a small suitcase.
-lily No problem
You say to Lily, "No problem."
Lily Kaise tugs a pair of soft mystic purple slippers off of her feet.
smile
You smile.
Lily Kaise puts a pair of soft mystic purple slippers in a small suitcase.
Lily Kaise unclasps a sky blue satin bullet bra and slides it off.
lie bed
Lily Kaise removes a light pink linen bag from a small suitcase for a moment.
Lily Kaise puts a sky blue satin bullet bra in a light pink linen bag.
You lie down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow,
and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
Lily Kaise removes a light purple linen bag from a small suitcase.
Lily Kaise puts on a light purple linen bag.
Lily Kaise removes a soft fuchsia silk nightie trimmed in lace from a light
purple linen bag.
Lily Kaise pulls a soft fuchsia silk nightie trimmed in lace on over her head.
Lily Kaise removes a light purple linen bag.
Lily Kaise puts a light purple linen bag in a small suitcase.
Lily Kaise puts a small suitcase in a lavender silk backpack embroidered with
brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise lies down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
l lily
Lily Kaise
She appears to be 27 years old. She is about five feet and two inches tall and
has fair skin. Her body is thin with attractively curved hips and shapely
calves. She has slender shoulders and slightly larger than average breasts. Her
face is oval and pretty, with a delicate nose and understated chin. Her lips are
lovely and blush pink and occasionally part to reveal a set of pretty teeth.
Beneath a set of arched eyebrows, her eyes are blue-green and almond-shaped. Her
waist-length, straight hair is pale honey blonde and swept up into a thick fall
of loose curls down her back. She has oval pink fingernails.
A small enameled cerulean blue dragonfly pierces her left earlobe and a small
enameled cerulean blue dragonfly pierces her right earlobe.
 She is wearing a soft fuchsia silk nightie trimmed in lace. She is also wearing
an orange and white blessed prayer bracelet around her wrist, a slender bracelet
of tiny tinkling silver bells around her wrist, a neon purple wrist-mounted
chronometer, a solid silver ring engraved with dragonflies, a delicate ring of
silver wire and small purple amethyst crystals, a metallic gold touch einrophone
in a metallic purple reinforced plastic phone holster, a light purple flightbag
with a pastel kitten on the side, a compact metallic purple camera with a gold
fleur-de-lys embossed on the front with a glittery pink camera strap, a soft
fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly labeled 'Asteria', and a Tardick lizard named
Asteria perched on her shoulder. Her head, face, both eyes, neck, both
shoulders, both biceps, both elbows, both forearms, both wrists, both hands,
both thighs, both knees, both calves, both ankles, and both feet are left
uncovered.
She is carrying nothing.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
l nightie on lily
a soft fuchsia silk nightie trimmed in lace
This lovely fuchsia silk nightie has thin rolled silk straps that leave the
shoulders bare. It is trimmed in soft matching lace at the straight neckline and
at the mid-thigh-length hem.
It covers both your hips, chest, back, abdomen, waist, and groin.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
Keegan Wantz's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "No luck needed,
you've got this."
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around Lily Kaise's neck.
-lily Don't forget about little lizzy.
You say to Lily, "Don't forget about little lizzy."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh yeah."
eta
I don't understand that.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I'm going to hold her for a bit though
so she will hopefully sleep in here."
The platform suddenly turns as it narrowly misses being smashed by a falling
rock.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
nod
You nod.
caress lily on back and waist.
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back and waist..
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hmm we must have gotten in range of
another cool site."
Lily Kaise stands up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Be right back."
Lily Kaise removes a small suitcase from a lavender silk backpack embroidered
with brightly hued butterflies.
The platform suddenly turns as it narrowly misses being smashed by a falling
rock.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
Lily Kaise removes a light blue shipsuit with cobalt blue trim around the collar
and cuffs from a small suitcase.
eta
I don't understand that.
Lily Kaise steps into a light blue shipsuit with cobalt blue trim around the
collar and cuffs and pulls it over her arms.
Lily Kaise puts a small suitcase in a lavender silk backpack embroidered with
brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Be right back."
Lily Kaise glides out.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
Lily Kaise glides in from the west.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "A pre-stellar."
'Ah, ok
You say, "Ah, ok."
Lily Kaise pulls a light blue shipsuit with cobalt blue trim around the collar
and cuffs off.
Lily Kaise removes a small suitcase from a lavender silk backpack embroidered
with brightly hued butterflies for a moment.
Lily Kaise puts a light blue shipsuit with cobalt blue trim around the collar
and cuffs in a small suitcase.
Lily Kaise lies down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Highly doubtful it would have any
planets but nice all the same."
nod
You nod.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
The platform suddenly turns as it narrowly misses being smashed by a falling
rock.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
kiss lily on neck
You kiss Lily Kaise softly on the neck.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
caress lily on hair, back and waist.
You gently caress Lily Kaise's hair, back and waist..
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
Lily Kaise gently caresses your neck and shoulders.
The platform suddenly turns as it narrowly misses being smashed by a falling
rock.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
An impish creature soars toward the platform on its leathery wings, armed with a
crude weapon. The platform diverts its course to avoid it.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
An impish creature soars toward the platform on its leathery wings, armed with a
crude weapon. The platform diverts its course to avoid it.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
An impish creature soars toward the platform on its leathery wings, armed with a
crude weapon. The platform diverts its course to avoid it.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
An impish creature soars toward the platform on its leathery wings, armed with a
crude weapon. The platform diverts its course to avoid it.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
The platform suddenly turns as it narrowly misses being smashed by a falling
rock.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
eta
I don't understand that.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "I so love you!"
-lily I love you.
You say to Lily, "I love you."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hopefully that bit of friction this
evening will be the only incident but since that Aisling gal is so eratic, heh
can't promise anything."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around Lily Kaise's neck.
'Yeah, hopefully, but only time will tell.
You say, "Yeah, hopefully, but only time will tell."
An impish creature soars toward the platform on its leathery wings, armed with a
crude weapon. The platform diverts its course to avoid it.
The eruptions from the volcano become more sporadic, and the platform slows.
The platform suddenly turns as it narrowly misses being smashed by a falling
rock.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
The platform suddenly turns as it narrowly misses being smashed by a falling
rock.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "I sense there's some resentment amongst
some aboard this crew who prefer that only their certain group to go together on
these expeditions and I sense there could be some resentment along those lines.
I'm glad Pierre is as easy-going as he is and more inclusive of others as Anfisa
is not."
Lily Kaise kisses you.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "What is odd too is we're not the ones
initiating arguments. Our names are not Tatiana and syona hehe."
The ground below shakes violently as the eruptions from the volcano intensify.
The platform speeds up to avoid the falling, fiery debris.
chuckle lily 'Yeah, we're not and I'm glad that Pierre let us come along. You
might be right though.
"Yeah, we're not and I'm glad that Pierre let us come along." You chuckle at
Lily Kaise. "You might be right though."
The platform suddenly turns as it narrowly misses being smashed by a falling
rock.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I don't care to debate and challenge
them for hours. I'm happy to anjoy the travel and learn and visit new sites."
The starship has entered a unique area of space.
A large disc is suddenly before the ship, looking startingly like a single
unfathomably large solid object. But the starship's sensors reveal that the mass
is actually trillions of bits of matter of various sizes, all slowly orbiting a
glowing ball of gas in the center of the disc. A solar system is being created
here.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah, no kidding."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
'I came to visit the aquarium and see sights along the way and explore.
You say, "I came to visit the aquarium and see sights along the way and
explore."
Corey Matthews's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Anfisa could you
please check our position?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Exactly."
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
kiss lily on chest
You kiss Lily Kaise on the smooth skin above her breasts.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
Lily Kaise kisses you softly on the neck.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
Lily gently rubs your back and strokes your hair.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Asteria's warm scaly skin.
: gives you a long, lingering kiss.
Shule gives you a long, lingering kiss.
Lily kisses you long and passionately.
Lily Kaise carefully removes a Tardick lizard named Asteria from her shoulder.
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Asteria's warm scaly skin.
Lily Kaise puts down a Tardick lizard named Asteria.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hopefully little lizie you will settle
down in here."
eta
I don't understand that.
grin 
You grin.
Lily Kaise grins.
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "No new planets."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "May be too early though as I was off
from her schedule when I put her down in here 12 hours ago."
Aisling the Fox's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Much sadness."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah Akemi I doubt you'd find planets in
there."
'Yeah
You say, "Yeah."
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The starship has left a unique area of space.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
The formless shifting void gradually acquires a regular crest and fall until,
after several moments, you suddenly realize you are on a wide expanse of ocean.
Tall wooden masts creak above you, and white canvas sails snap in the breeze.
Aisling the Fox's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "How is jib
looking?"
A Tardick lizard named Asteria blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly
indifferent to its surroundings.
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I'm going to have
Corey try setting it up."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Think I'll hold her a little longer."
Lily Kaise picks up a Tardick lizard named Asteria.
Lily Kaise settles a Tardick lizard named Asteria on her shoulder, its tail
curled loosely around her.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
'Yay! I love this one!
You exclaim, "Yay! I love this one!"
Lily says to a Tardick lizard named Asteria in a New Earth accent, "Just don't
flop that tail to vigorously as you'll smack shule."
Lily Kaise laughs.
slaugh
I don't understand that.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh yeah me too."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I rather like the alien scenes of
flowers too."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Clouds and all that."
'Yeah, that one is cool!
You exclaim, "Yeah, that one is cool!"
caress lily on chest
You gently caress Lily Kaise's chest.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
: gives you a long, lingering kiss, slipping his tongue between your lips.
Shule gives you a long, lingering kiss, slipping his tongue between your lips.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders in from the west.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed
felo.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo purrs softly.
pet neko
You stroke the soft fur of Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo purrs softly.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
: gives you a lingering kiss.
Shule gives you a lingering kiss.
Lily kisses you passionately.
smile
You smile.
smile lily 'I love you!
"I love you!" You smile at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
eta
I don't understand that.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders out.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders in from the west.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise carefully removes a Tardick lizard named Asteria from her shoulder.
Lily Kaise puts down a Tardick lizard named Asteria.
smile lily 'I love you with all my heart.
You smile at Lily Kaise. "I love you with all my heart."
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Asteria's warm scaly skin.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Go to sleep silly."
grin
You grin.
smile lily 'I love you with all my heart.
You smile at Lily Kaise. "I love you with all my heart."
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders out.
eta
I don't understand that.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "I so love you too Hun. I'm so happy
that we've found one another."
smile lily 'Me too.
You smile at Lily Kaise. "Me too."
beam
You beam.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out.
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Asteria's warm scaly skin.
: gently plays with your hair.
Shule gently plays with your hair.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
-lily Are you getting sleepy?
You say to Lily, "Are you getting sleepy?"
"Yeah a little Love? Surprised you aren't?" Lily Kaise yawns.
Lily Kaise smiles.
smile
You smile.
'I am a little.
You say, "I am a little."
-lilyI'll let you go to sleep.
Say to whom?
-lily I'll let you go to sleep.
You say to Lily, "I'll let you go to sleep."
The ship's hull creaks as it travels through space, but it sounds like the
creaking of wooden planks rather than of metal hull plates.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly out.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Love you and rest well when you get to
sleep."
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
-lily Love you too. Rest well
You say to Lily, "Love you too. Rest well."
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Nite."
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
'Night
You say, "Night."
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
Lily Kaise snuggles up to your shoulder.
A sudden splashing sound draws your attention to a tailfin just now disappearing
beneath the ocean waves.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters into the area.
A briefly alarming screech turns out to be the cry of a seagull as it flashes
past a viewport overhead.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger wiggles his hairy palps endearingly.
Natasha the large black felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in from
the west.
Natasha the large black felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
The ship's hull creaks as it travels through space, but it sounds like the
creaking of wooden planks rather than of metal hull plates.
The smell of salt and the sounds of the waves slowly begin to fade, until once
more nothing but a formless void surrounds the ship.
Mist swirls through the air, coalescing into intricate silken webs that coat
every surface.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger crouches down for a moment.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters out.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters into the area.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger's unblinking eyes stare into the middle distance.
A sudden gust of cold air blows through the starship bringing the scents of
stone and ancient, moldering flesh.
Sassie the old large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in
from the west.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters out.
The webs catch the light briefly, flashing jewel-studded silver.
Sassie the old large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
An insectile chittering echoes from the distance.
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in
from the west.
Samantha the old large violet felo bats at a small red ball containing a
realistic Bari horde noisemaker.
There is a sudden squeak from somewhere inside the starship, cut off with a
crunch and the sound of scuttling legs.
The intricate webbing gradually loses cohesion, eventually falling apart into
quickly evaporating smoke.
The formless mists suddenly resolve into a dust-laden wind. After a moment the
dust settles, and one of the horses in front of you lets out a quiet whicker as
the carriage's wheels creak ceaselessly below.
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
A white bird flashes by over the plain.
A small stand of trees passes by on the left of the carriage.
The carriage shakes slightly as the horses pick up their pace.
A single bison studies your passing carriage from the side of the road.
A sudden cloud of dust is kicked up, obscuring your vision.
The mist turns to black smoke that soon drifts away, and you find that the ship
is on a conveyor belt, moving rapidly through a factory.
Natasha the large black felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in from
the west.
Various ships of fantastical design are dropped onto the conveyor belt along
with yours.
Natasha the large black felo bats at a small red ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker.
Natasha the large black felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
A boiler shudders loudly as you pass it, steam venting around the bolts which
hold it together.
Various ships of fantastical design are dropped onto the conveyor belt along
with yours.
A gigantic hand suddenly picks up the ship, turns it from one side to the other,
then places it back on the conveyor belt.
Your vision is obscured by a sudden burst of black smoke, which gradually fades
to mist.
You hear a loud call in front of you, and the flock shifts as one, finding a new
updraft.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders in from the west.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo jumps onto a pair of narrow
bunks and immediately settles in.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo lies down and curls up into a
tight ball, closes its eyes, and appears to sleep.
The sound of wind and flapping wings fills your ears.
A bird grows tired and falls behind the V formation. You take its place.
The flock's leader retires to another part of the V formation, and another bird
replaces it.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders in from the west.
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I'm sending a message
home asking for a test hypercast at 2300."
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I noticed Melinda and
Morris both showed as having their comms on."
The flock's leader retires to another part of the V formation, and another bird
replaces it.
A metallic gold touch einrophone beeps quietly for attention, indicating a new
post in Local Ship Message Board/Zéro Des Cartes/General.
The flock banks suddenly, and you turn to follow, but no other bird is in sight.
The scene abruptly fades.
The walls whip away at high speed, carried into the far distance as the floor
carries on without them. A darkened hoverfreeway rises from below.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo rubs up against a small oval turquoise
rattan table with a glass top, purring softly.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo stares curiously up at you.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders out.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders in from the west.
The hovertruck takes an exit, merging onto another freeway.
The hovertruck slows, the highway ahead growing dark.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders out.
The hovertruck takes an exit, merging onto another freeway.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters into the area.
Several miniature snowglobes overtake the truck, chattering among themselves in
tiny voices.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger jerks his limbs, springing into the air briefly.
The hovertruck slows, the highway ahead growing dark.
The hovertruck takes an exit, merging onto another freeway.
The hovertruck slows, the highway ahead growing dark.
The hovertruck smoothly negotiates a turn, tilting slightly so you are not
thrown off the trailer.
The hovertruck smoothly negotiates a turn, tilting slightly so you are not
thrown off the trailer.
The hovertruck slows, the highway ahead growing dark.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters out.
The hovertruck smoothly negotiates a turn, tilting slightly so you are not
thrown off the trailer.
The hovertruck slows, the highway ahead growing dark.
A clear expanse of open highway illuminates itself. The hovertruck speeds up.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo jumps down from a pair of narrow
bunks.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders out.
The hovertruck turns rapidly and careens off the highway, gliding through the
air before evaporating into the darkness.
Listen. You need to be careful.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters into the area.
It's the journey, not the destination, that matters.
It's not always about where you're going.
You have to want to go somewhere, don't you?
It's not always about where you're going.
It's the journey, not the destination, that matters.
It's the journey, not the destination, that matters.
Lily Kaise navigates her metallic gold touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
It's not always about where you're going.
You have to want to go somewhere, don't you?
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger jerks his limbs, springing into the air briefly.
Lily Kaise blinks heavily and then dozes off.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger dips his palps into a black plastic tray of spider chow and pushes food
into his mouth.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters out.
Terrible things. They want to do terrible things.
The starship has entered a unique area of space.
A large mass of dust is before the starship, tendrils unfurling in all
directions like an explosion frozen in time. A diffuse glow emanates from the
depths of the dust cloud, indicating the birth of new stars.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo!"
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Looks like a nebula to
me!"
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Really? I had not
figured that out yet. Haha."
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Shall I scan for
planets? Luminosity is slightly less than sol equivalnet."
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Might get lucky. Once
in awhile there's a planet in these. It's pretty rare though."
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ok, scanning. Debris
is what you might expect, superheated masses, grade 90 and so."
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters into the area.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger wiggles his hairy palps endearingly.
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders in from the west.
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Nada, no planets. Not
too unexpected."
Kim Saunders's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I do think our course
of 215 0 will get us in that storm though."
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The starship has left a unique area of space.
The curtains open, and countless faceless humanoids stare at you from their
seats.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You double over in pain, it feels as if it is going to break free at any moment!
Nekomata the medium-sized blue twin tailed felo wanders out.
You look down at your watch, but you find that you cannot comprehend the concept
of time.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters out.
You begin dry heaving.
The room begins spinning around you.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
The room begins spinning around you.
The stage lights flicker briefly.
You open your mouth to speak a line, but only a wet gurgle comes out.
A member of the audience's lack of face suddenly twists into itself, forming
countless mouths, gasping for relief.
The room begins spinning around you.
You scratch at your arm, and a perfectly rectangular sheet of skin peels off.
You gag slightly.
You hear a wet tearing sound.
The heat from the stage light is oppressive.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
The room begins spinning around you.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
The room begins spinning around you.
The room begins spinning around you.
The room begins spinning around you.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You gag slightly.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
You gag slightly.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You begin dry heaving.
You open your mouth to speak a line, but only a wet gurgle comes out.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You begin dry heaving.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You begin dry heaving.
You gag slightly.
You gag slightly.
The room begins spinning around you.
You begin dry heaving.
You begin dry heaving.
You shift your weight, but your feet seem to be stuck in some sort of muck.
The room begins spinning around you.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters into the area.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders in from the west.
Your stomach churns, and you feel something jerking at your neck, pulling you to
one side.
You inhale deeply and a warm, heavy liquid floods your lungs.
The room begins spinning around you.
You look down at your watch, but you find that you cannot comprehend the concept
of time.
The curtains close, to no applause.
Mist swirls through the air, coalescing into intricate silken webs that coat
every surface.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders out.
The endless pathways of webbing twist around a bend.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders in from the west.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger's unblinking eyes stare into the middle distance.
A hairy black and yellow skull-patterned eight-legged ArachnoPal named Jolly
Roger skitters out.
The endless pathways of webbing twist around a bend.
With a sound like scraping stone, the ship changes direction.
The ship shudders and slows as the webs begin to catch on the hull.
Akemi Bando's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I think we can level
out and not have it catch up now."
The webbing appears to be growing slick with some kind of strange liquid.
Sky the average-sized black winged felo wanders out.
Webbing all around suddenly breaks, and the ship swings wildly through space.
The webbing appears to be growing slick with some kind of strange liquid.
The webbing appears to be growing slick with some kind of strange liquid.
The computer announces, "Warning: Entering riftstorm."
With a sound like scraping stone, the ship changes direction.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The computer announces, "Warning: Entering riftstorm."
You hear a steady, rhythmic sound. The mist clears, and you gaze out through the
window at the passing landscape as the train chugs along.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The computer announces, "Warning: Entering riftstorm."
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The mist swirls and obscures your vision. It quickly evaporates, leaving you in
an alien landscape. Tall grassed plains stretch on as far as the eye can see, as
the planet's sun is slowly setting on the horizon.
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec's voice comes over the
loudspeaker and says, "Seems it is heading southsoutheast and sightly up."
The wind gusts more forcefully, stirring the grass sharply.
The low-droning of an alien insect fills the air.
A gentle breeze gentle rustles through the grass, causing ripple-like waves.
*** Redirecting connection to new port ***
#SESSION 'star' DIED.
