siekanas
Welcome to...       **
                   **
                  ** ******* **** ********
                 **  ****** **  ** ***  ***
                  **   **  ******** *******
                   **  ** **      ** **  **
                    ** ** **      ** **   **                   
         _______    ** ** **      ** **    **   ___________
        /       \  **  ** **      ** **     ** |           |
       /    ____/ **                         **|___     ___|
       |   /     **                           **   |   |
       |   |    _____ _____ _____ _   _ _____ _____|   |
       |   \___/  _  |  _  /  _  | | | |  -- | ____|   |
       \       | |_| | | | | |_| | |_| | ____|____ |   |
        \______\_____|_| |_\___  |_____|_____|_____|___|
                               | |_
                               | | |
                                \_/
Official Website: http://squidsoft.net
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Humanity has just emerged from the lowest point in its collective history, and
the closest it has been to extinction since the advent of agriculture. By the
year 2304, the Coalition of humans and their alien allies the Jinu has spread
across the stars, and thought themselves powerful. But the Outsiders, an alien
empire occupying vast reaches of Rimward space, proved them wrong. First contact
between the two allies was severed, and suddenly humanity was alone. Then the
Outsiders attacked in force, and human planets and governments fell one by one.
                         It was the apocalypse.
But contrary to the beliefs of many, not all hope was lost. After five years,
a single starship, the Percival Lowell, returned from Rimward space, bringing
with it the means to nullify the Outsiders' greatest weapon. With this, and the
help of many other brave pilots, the occupying Outsiders were driven off human
               worlds and back to where they came from.
 Humanity is now trying to rebuild, and trying to regain what it has lost. The
Outsiders are finished with occupation, and now desire only to see humans
extinct.
New threats and new mysteries seem to appear every day. In the midst of it all,
civilian starships span the stars, maintaining an open threat against any new
       invasion and trying to make a few credits while they're at it.
You too have felt the lure of this; the desire for a unique freedom that most
citizens will never know, the drive to explore, the need to defend your species,
         and yes, greed for the vast wealth that is to be had.
                   It is time to take to the stars.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to the original and still the most innovative pulp science fiction
multiplayer roleplaying adventure!
Originally opened in its classic form on 19 December 1998! Reopened in its new
iteration on 28 February 2009!
All original work (including setting, non-player characters, design, source
code, all related background material, and all text) located in this game or on
the Squidsoft.net website is copyright (c) Squidsoft.net 1998-2015. Unauthorised
reproduction prohibited.
Warning: Speech in this game is largely uncensored, and sensitive individuals
may find some other players offensive. The staff is ultimately not responsible
for the words and actions of the players.
The last server reset was at Mon Sep 26 07:13:15 2016 UTC
We're on Twitter! @StarConquest for server status notifications and out-of-game
contact!
No new announcements to display.
Squidsoft.net Account Support and Maintenance: http://moo.squidsoft.net:3333/
If you do not yet have a Squidsoft.net account, type CREATE or visit the above
web address.
Please log in now.
Account ID:
Password: 
EOF-0601
Retrieving account information. Please wait...
Account: siekanas
[1] Connect as Shule Elemmire
[2] Delete Character
[3] Log Out
Enter your selection.
1
    * Welcome to Star Conquest! *
[Starship "William Dove"; Living Quarters One]
This is a small room designed to give crew members a place to sleep while on
long journeys, and it isn't large enough to do much else. A long counter is
bolted to the wall opposite the entryway, and two narrow bunks have been bolted
to the two remaining walls. A small keypad is next to the door, controlling a
simple lock. The status lights overhead are currently not receiving power.
Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is at Centauri Spaceport;
Landing Pad.
You see a glossy sapphire blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a dusky pink rattan
cabinet, a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy
deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow,
and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it, a large oval dark purple
and light purple cloth rug, a small oval turquoise rattan table with a glass
top, and a small seashell pink trash can here.
You can go out.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle
bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.)
equip
I don't understand that.
l
[Starship "William Dove"; Living Quarters One]
This is a small room designed to give crew members a place to sleep while on
long journeys, and it isn't large enough to do much else. A long counter is
bolted to the wall opposite the entryway, and two narrow bunks have been bolted
to the two remaining walls. A small keypad is next to the door, controlling a
simple lock. The status lights overhead are currently not receiving power.
Looking through the windows, you see that the ship is at Centauri Spaceport;
Landing Pad.
You see a glossy sapphire blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a dusky pink rattan
cabinet, a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy
deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow,
and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it, a large oval dark purple
and light purple cloth rug, a small oval turquoise rattan table with a glass
top, and a small seashell pink trash can here.
You can go out.
(You are lying on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle
bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.)
**
 Welcome back to Star Conquest!
**
 Consider voting for Star Conquest at MUD listing sites! Votes help keep new
players coming to the game!
 The Mud Connector: http://www.mudconnect.com/mud-bin/vote_rank.cgi?mud=Star+Con
quest
 Top Mud Sites:     http://www.topmudsites.com/vote-sc.html
**
 TIP: Want to join a private organization run by fellow pilots? Find the
organization center in your capital spaceport!
**
who
There appear to be about 23 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Kayla Montinari  (A)
Lily Kaise  (A)
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Sean Sloan  (L)
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Luja Garland  (L)
Jada Nelson  (L)
Melinda Michaels  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Damien Goss  (L)
Klaus Stein  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Alonzo Davis  (F)
Alko Delovega  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Michael Winters  (F)
Aisling an Sionnach  (M)
Your communicator also reports that there are 2 pilots who were active but
dropped out of communications.
Additionally, there are 14 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 37 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
cuddle lily
I don't see that here.
tra 1 Hello AEU
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hello AEU."
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Hey shule come to Back
Roads."
tra1 Ok, I will in a few here.
I don't understand that.
tra 1 Oh, ok. I'll head that way in a few.
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Oh, ok. I'll head
that way in a few."
where
Your communicator reports that...
At least seven recently active pilots are relaxing at Outland City; Backroads
Pizza.
out
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "William Dove"; Living Quarters Block]
You see a large round light purple and dark purple cloth rug, a violet leather
sectional sofa, an antique oak table from Old Earth, a textured plasteel floor
lamp with a cream shade (casting a white-colored glow), a glossy pale pink
ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple trash bin, a small yellow ball containing
a realistic Bari horde noisemaker, a wall-sized bubbling coral pink-lit aquarium
containing violet and blue aquatic life and coral rocks, a small bubbling neon
blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and blue aquatic life and round rocks,
a wall-sized bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing teal and crimson
aquatic life and coral rocks, a black plastic tray of spider chow, and a hairy
yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
go shower
[Starship "William Dove"; Shower]
You can go out.
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Ok we're already thre
so."
start
You push a small button, starting the shower. Hot water begins to pour over your
skin. You feel cleaner already.
take vinyl
You remove a small black vinyl case from a leather briefcase.
Hot, steaming water continues to bathe every inch of your skin, cleansing you as
it invigorates your senses.
take last soap
You remove a bar of clean-smelling light green soap from a small black vinyl
case.
use soap
You carefully wash your body with a bar of clean-smelling light green soap.
put soap in vinyl
You put a bar of clean-smelling light green soap in a small black vinyl case.
stop
You push a small button, turning the shower off. You stand, dripping, completely
relaxed. Steam floats lazily in the enclosed space.
take oversized
You remove an oversized white towel from a small black vinyl case.
dry me with towel
You dry yourself off with an oversized white towel.
put towel in vinyl
You put an oversized white towel in a small black vinyl case.
put vinyl in briefcase
You put a small black vinyl case in a leather briefcase.
take suitcase
You remove a small suitcase from a leather briefcase.
take briefs from suticase
I see no "suticase" here.
take suitcase
You already have a small suitcase.
take briefs from suitcase
You remove a pair of white cotton briefs from a small suitcase.
wear briefs
You slide a pair of white cotton briefs on.
take trousers
You remove a pair of slim Sahara sand linen trousers from a small suitcase.
wear trousers
You pull a pair of slim Sahara sand linen trousers on over your legs.
take tee
You remove a long-sleeved dark green tee appliqued with small silver stars from
a small suitcase.
wear tee
You pull a long-sleeved dark green tee appliqued with small silver stars on over
your head.
take sneakers
You remove a pair of washed light khaki canvas sneakers from a small suitcase.
wear sneakers
You pull a pair of washed light khaki canvas sneakers onto your feet.
put suitcase in briefcase
You put a small suitcase in a leather briefcase.
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Living Quarters Block]
You see a large round light purple and dark purple cloth rug, a violet leather
sectional sofa, an antique oak table from Old Earth, a textured plasteel floor
lamp with a cream shade (casting a white-colored glow), a glossy pale pink
ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple trash bin, a small yellow ball containing
a realistic Bari horde noisemaker, a wall-sized bubbling coral pink-lit aquarium
containing violet and blue aquatic life and coral rocks, a small bubbling neon
blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and blue aquatic life and round rocks,
a wall-sized bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing teal and crimson
aquatic life and coral rocks, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a hairy
yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Shasta the big onyx soldier
felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
i
 You are wearing a long-sleeved dark green tee appliqued with small silver
stars, a pair of slim Sahara sand linen trousers, and a pair of washed light
khaki canvas sneakers. Underneath this, you are wearing a pair of white cotton
briefs. You are also wearing a keychain, a metallic gold touch einrophone in a
black leather phone holster, a gold wrist-mounted chronometer, a solid silver
ring engraved with dolphins, and a backpack. You are concealing a flight control
scanner, a leather briefcase, a camera bag, a black flightbag with a red
shooting star on the side, a golden Feng Wo coin purse, a black engineering tool
case, a large expandable telescoping xenology container, a scorched metal thigh
holster, a metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator, and a thick
synthleather bandolier with large pockets. Your head, face, both eyes, neck,
both wrists, and both hands are left uncovered.
You are carrying nothing.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered cushion on it, a rattan
floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan pantry cabinet, a white
microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy slate blue ceramic felo
chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling bell, a black plastic tray
of spider chow, and Prissy the big violet long-haired felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, a clear plastic food storage container, Magellan the
arachnoid security robot, and Xavier the big silver soldier felo here.
You can go south and out.
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[Centauri Spaceport; Landing Pad]
The one-person fighter "I Am A New Pilot", the one-person flitter "Hi There!",
the two-person light transport "Return To Sender", the reconnaissance craft
"Artifactor", the one-person fighter "Hypernova", the one-person fighter
"Transporter", the three-person stalwart "Morris's Last Stand", the one-person
runabout "Scheherazade", the vostok-class capsule "The Atocha Star", and the
five-person A.S.S. tactical platform "William Dove" are landed here.
You can go north.
n
[Centauri Spaceport; Central Hall]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go north, northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, west, and
northwest.
n
[Centauri Spaceport; Entry Hall]
You can go south and out.
n
You can't go that way.
out
[Centauri; Spaceport Road]
You can go north, south, and up.
n
[Centauri; Spaceport Road Bridge]
You can go north and south.
n
[Centauri; Spaceport Road]
You can go north and south.
n
[Outland City; Shetland Boulevard and Memorial Drive]
You see a white and neon orange-striped barrier blocking the road to the west,
an automatic teller machine, and a sturdy transparisteel phone booth here.
You can go north, east, south, and up.
e
[Outland City; East Shetland Boulevard]
You can go east and west.
e
[Outland City; East Shetland Boulevard]
You can go east and west.
e
[Outland City; East Shetland Boulevard and Water Street]
You can go north, northeast, west, and up.
n
[Outland City; Water Street]
You can go north and south.
n
[Outland City; Water Street]
You can go north and south.
n
[Outland City; Water Street]
You can go north and south.
n
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue and Water Street]
You can go north, east, south, west, and up.
n
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
You can go north and south.
n
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
You can go north and south.
n
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
You can go north and south.
n
[Outland City; Avenue of Industry and Callisto Street]
You can go north, east, south, west, and up.
e
[Outland City; Avenue of Industry]
You can go east and west.
l
[Outland City; Avenue of Industry]
Unlike the stretch of road to the east, these blocks include some upscale
residences--largely ultramodern lofts and architecturally daring reconceptions
of Old Outland homes. However, the majority of the structures along the street
are businesses and corporate offices, sprinkled with the occasional doctor's or
lawyer's practice. A few high-end steakhouses sit prominently on corners,
after-work meccas for the executives who spend their days in the area. To the
west you can see the busy intersection with Gulch and Callisto Streets, and
beyond that the factory towers in the distance. To the east, Avenue of Industry
slants downward, through more commercial neighborhoods and toward the Riverside
district. Overhead, the White Line track continues its steady journey.
You can go east and west.
e
[Outland City; Avenue of Industry]
You can go east and west.
l
[Outland City; Avenue of Industry]
Though there are quite a few large hotels here, most of this stretch of Avenue
of Industry is lined by a mixture of tall modern office buildings and older two
and three-level wooden buildings in use as company headquarters and private
offices. The neighborhood is quiet, professional, and completely dead after
dark. The only restaurants here are multi-world chains that service workers on
their short midday lunch breaks. A few lonely coffee shops stay open after dark,
mostly empty. Down the gentle slope to the east, the road meets the much larger
expanse of Shetland Avenue and the bustle of the Riverside district. Up the hill
to the west, the commercial district continues toward Gulch and Callisto
Streets.
You can go east and west.
w
[Outland City; Avenue of Industry]
You can go east and west.
w
[Outland City; Avenue of Industry and Callisto Street]
You can go north, east, south, west, and up.
s
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
You can go north and south.
s
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
You can go north and south.
l
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
The road crests a tall hill here, and the lack of trees provides excellent views
across much of the eastern half of the city. Looking north, you can see the long
perpendicular lines of warehouses, factories, and corporate offices along Avenue
of Industry and Houston Avenues. To the west, the bright greenery of the
memorial park is ringed by the mass of the Loop. To to the east and south, a
vast swath of near-forest rings the edge of the river, whose deep blue waters
can be seen curving around the southern edge of the city. Far to the south, the
bright spires of the spaceport glitter in the sun. Gulch Street descends the
hill to the north and south, lined with homes, apartment complexes, and small
businesses. You notice a small roadside shop here, with a small dangling shingle
bearing the outline of a tobacco leaf.
You can go north and south.
s
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
You can go north and south.
s
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue and Water Street]
You can go north, east, south, west, and up.
e
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue]
You can go east and west.
l
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue]
The road takes a steep angle here as it climbs the hill toward the intersection
with Water and Gulch Streets. Bikers in full exercise gear are commonplace,
struggling up the incline with determined looks. The neighborhood has a
charmingly archaic appearance, with extremely old and tall trees planted at
regular intervals along wide sidewalks fronted by imposing old three and
four-level townhouse-style homes. You note that several of the old brick
buildings bear plaques declaring them City Historical Landmarks. There are no
businesses to be found here--only old, rich residences occupied mostly by the
city's old guard families, passed down generation to generation. To the west, up
the hill, St. Jude meets the two smaller north-south streets. To the east you
have a clear view of the intersection with Shetland Boulevard and the southern
end of the Riverside district.
You can go east and west.
e
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue]
You can go east and west.
l
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue]
St. Jude has a steady if not particularly challenging slope here, though it gets
steeper to the west. This tree-lined stretch of road is girded on all sides by
ancient houses, many undergoing restorations. The sound of saws and hammers
punctuates daily life, as the effort toward maintaining these landmarks goes on.
Down the slope toward Shetland Boulevard, you can see the towering mansions of
Knockhill to the right and the long expanse of the Riverside district to the
left. The smells of delicious food from the Riverside's many top-shelf
restaurants fill the air. The river is also visible from here, winding its way
south and southwest as it curves around the southern end of the city.
You can go east and west.
w
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue]
You can go east and west.
w
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue and Water Street]
You can go north, east, south, west, and up.
n
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
You can go north and south.
l
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
The dry gulch that gave this street its name is visible here, running parallel
to the four-lane road, though now covered in thick weeds. To the south, you can
see the busy intersection with St. Jude, where Gulch Street becomes Water
Street. The landscape here is dry and dusty, without many tall trees to provide
shade--just small bushes and wiry grasses. Looking down the hill toward the
intersection, you can marvel at the steady progression from browns to deep
greens as Water Street continues on toward the river. To the north, Gulch climbs
further up a steep hill lined with apartment buildings and small businesses.
Some show clear signs of recent damage, some show fresh repairs. Pedestrians are
plentiful here, with multiple side-streets leading off toward rows of modest but
proud homes. A narrow one-way street leads away to the east, little more than an
alleyway.
You can go north and south.
go alley
[Outland City; Narrow One-Way Road]
You can go east and out.
e
[Outland City; Narrow One-Way Road]
You can go west.
go pizza
[Outland City; Backroads Pizza]
You see a chalk board describing our specialty pizzas and a trash can here.
Soraya Rhyz is sitting on Keegan Wantz's lap. Melinda Michaels, Karasi
Valhannon, Keegan Wantz, Lily Kaise, Morris Corlew, and Damien Goss are sitting
on a padded green chair.
You can go out.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I sure would like to see relationships
improve though."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "Gotcha."
Morris Corlew waves to you.
Melinda says to you in a Bedford accent, "Hey."
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
wave
You wave.
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise. "Me too."
Damien Goss waves to you.
sit chair
You sit down on a padded green chair.
Morris Corlew gestures vaguely at a small table with a red checkered tablecloth.
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "Help yourself."
grin
You grin.
'Thanks.
You say, "Thanks."
Morris Corlew nods.
'Hi everyone.
You say, "Hi everyone."
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Damien says to Karasi, "Does that answer your questions about modular ships?"
Melinda Michaels says into her tyrian purple metachannel FTL communicator, "Hi."
Morris Corlew says into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch, "Liam. Pizza party. Centauri."
Lily Kaise says into her metachannel FTL communicator, "Good day Folk!"
Damien Goss says into his metachannel FTL communicator, "Hello Liam."
Keying his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and watch, "And good
evening!" Morris Corlew chuckles.
Lily Kaise says into her metachannel FTL communicator, "Er oh hello Liam!"
gen comm
You turn general communication on.
tra gen Hello Liam.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Is it pepperoni's birthday
today?"
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hello Liam."
Morris Corlew keys his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs. "No."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Could be or anybody's birthday
everyday?"
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm treating folks to pizza,
though."
l table
a small table with a red checkered tablecloth
You see nothing special.
On top of it you see a The Elroy pizza, a Carte Blanche pizza, a Fungus Amongus
pizza, a The Liley pizza, a New Phoenician pizza, a Pinwheel pizza, a Gulcher's
Delight pizza, an order of breadsticks, and a sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "That's nice of you!"
take pepper
You help yourself to a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I try."
eat pepper
You take a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
eat pepper
You take a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
eat pepper
You take a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
eat pepper
You take a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
eat pepper
You finish off a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
Lily Kaise orders a frosty mug full of root beer.
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Think we can finish all this
pizza?"
Morris Corlew laughs.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a slice of pinwheel pizza.
Damien Goss helps himself to a slice of gulcher's delight pizza.
Keegan Wantz chuckles.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "I'm sure what we don't finish we can
hand out to people who could use something to eat."
Lily Kaise nods.
Morris Corlew nods. "Yep."
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
grin 'Definitely
You grin. "Definitely."
Morris Corlew gives Lily Kaise some credits.
Morris Corlew gives Damien Goss some credits.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Since I was buying."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Morris says to Damien, "Yes, I know you don't need it. But...I did say I was
buying everyone's pizza. Just my way."
Karasi Valhannon gives a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition" to
Damien Goss.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "The platforms look like fun."
Damien Goss nods to Morris Corlew. "I don't look credits in the mouth."
Damien Goss closes a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition".
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "They are!"
Morris Corlew grins at Damien Goss.
Damien Goss puts a copy of "League Ships and Upgrades: 2316 Edition" in a duffel
bag made of recycled PVC piping.
Karasi says to Damien, "It does. Thank you."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I have a lot of work ahead of me."
Damien Goss smiles.
Soraya Rhyz finishes off a slice of pinwheel pizza.
Morris says to Karasi, "Let me know if I can help."
Karasi Valhannon smiles at Morris Corlew.
Karasi Valhannon nods.
Karasi Valhannon takes a bite of a slice of pinwheel pizza.
Morris says to Karasi, "Do those Accord missions...SVP for ground, too."
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
'Yay for gcp.
You say, "Yay for gcp."
Karasi says to Morris in a Martian accent, "I need space combat points."
'I need more gcp.
You say, "I need more gcp."
Morris says to Karasi, "Can you fly a fighter?"
Karasi Valhannon nods to Morris Corlew.
Karasi says to you in a Martian accent, "Same with me."
Morris Corlew nods to you. "I do too...but I don't have SVP anymore."
Morris says to Karasi, "Do one of your accord missions as a combat one then. I
think you can do it in a fighter."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Oh, hmm."
Karasi Valhannon nods.
'Let's all do one big multi-fighter beacon.
You say, "Let's all do one big multi-fighter beacon."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Actually...I haven't seen people
asking about missions lately."
Karasi Valhannon grins.
Keegan Wantz stretches.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Missions are handy."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I don't know how good I'd be at
flying a figher yet."
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "They take to long."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I am learning the backwards way."
-morris Nah, you aren't.
You say to Morris, "Nah, you aren't."
Karasi Valhannon pats Morris Corlew on the back.
Karasi Valhannon takes a bite of a slice of pinwheel pizza.
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "Gunning first, then flying, then
combining them."
nod morris 'That's how I learned.
You nod to Morris Corlew. "That's how I learned."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Hmm."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I need to buy a fighter. I have my
eye on...three ships? A mule, a gunboat, and a fighter."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "A multi fighter tandem would be somewhat
amusing."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Gunning, then flying. I suppose you
could say that is how I am, since I am not certain how good I am flying any
combat solo."
grin goss
You grin at Damien Goss.
Karasi Valhannon nods.
Morris says to Karasi, "That's why I asked you about flying a fighter."
Karasi says to Morris, "Define 'good'."
Karasi Valhannon grins at Morris Corlew.
Morris says to Karasi, "Won't pop."
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Morris Corlew finishes off a slice of pinwheel pizza.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a frosty mug full of root beer.
Morris says to Karasi, "Or...are less likely to."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "That is up to your interpretation."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "WAsps are the best wasps."
Morris Corlew finishes off a frosty mug full of grape soda.
'Pop goes the fighter.
You say, "Pop goes the fighter."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Fighters are inferior waspsp."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Ugh... Wasps."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Wasps."
Morris Corlew puts a mug in a trash can.
'I like flying wasps better though.
You say, "I like flying wasps better though."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Waspsespses."
Karasi Valhannon grins at Morris Corlew.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I've flown a wasp once...and not
that well."
Karasi says to Morris, "Silly."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Well twice, if you count both
wasps..."
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Yeah you think nothing of taking on a
warship solo in a wasp hehe."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I was outside the main ship, in the
wasp, then... I was not."
"This is fact!" Morris Corlew smiles at Karasi Valhannon.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "In under two seconds."
chuckle lily
You chuckle at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "That was so funny."
Morris Corlew nods to Karasi Valhannon.
-lily I didn't pop though.
You say to Lily, "I didn't pop though."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Took me longer than that...but
yes, I popped fiarly quickly."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Fairly."
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Yup which is all the more better!"
'snap crackle pop.
You say, "Snap crackle pop."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Hmm...Outsider crispies..."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "If it was not two seconds, it was
not long. Under ten."
Morris Corlew nods to Karasi Valhannon.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Taking on a warship in a fighter is
common."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Don't be sissies."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I have a hard time with solo
stuff...I'll get there, but it'll take me some time."
Karasi Valhannon sighs at Keegan Wantz.
'practice makes perfect.
You say, "Practice makes perfect."
Keegan Wantz beams.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "At least I haven't popped my
stalwart."
Karasi says to Keegan, "You were fairly inexperienced at some point too, you
know."
Karasi Valhannon grins at Keegan Wantz.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "We all were."
'I still am.
You say, "I still am."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Some of us still are."
Morris Corlew glances around at his surroundings.
'Like me.
You say, "Like me."
Damien Goss shrugs.
'still inexperienced.
You say, "Still inexperienced."
Karasi Valhannon points at herself, trying to attract attention.
Morris Corlew looks at you and shrugs. "You're good."
Morris says to Karasi, "You'll get better. Remember I used to be afraid to
combat fly?"
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "When I was inexperienced I pushed
boundaries."
Keegan Wantz shrugs.
Lily Kaise absently bobs her head up and down like a space parakeet.
'And that's how you learn.
You say, "And that's how you learn."
Karasi nods at Morris. "Yes, and now you are far better at most of this stuff
than I am."
Karasi Valhannon smiles at Morris Corlew.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Being content doing normal beacons
until you never get hit is not a good way to proceede."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Proceed, that is."
Morris Corlew gestures vaguely at Melinda Michaels. "I had a good teacher."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Do a high, then if you explode? Who
cares."
Morris Corlew nods to you. "Him too."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "You explode."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "I care."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Then you try again."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Until you can do it."
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "It is a good way to go."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "Well I care, if it's my ship."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I care too. I'd rather work my way
up to it and be confident in what I'm doing. I"m doing highs in my stalwart
now."
Damien Goss gives Morris Corlew a thumbs up!
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Nice."
Keegan Wantz pats Morris Corlew on the back.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Now do very highs."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I still get hit, but It hasn't
blown up yet."
grin
You grin.
Melinda says to Keegan, "Blake scared the fuck out of him by trying to make him
do a high in a cruiser before he had even flown a single beacon."
Morris says to Keegan, "Not yet."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "I don't really like flying solo beacons,
but I regularly launch very highs."
Karasi Valhannon winces.
nod mel
You nod to Melinda Michaels.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "That's what I do in my marauder."
Keegan Wantz chuckles.
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "So comfort level is best."
Morris Corlew nods to Melinda Michaels. "Exactly."
Lily Kaise nods.
'Very high beacons in a fighter is fun.
You say, "Very high beacons in a fighter is fun."
'er, are
You say, "Er, are."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I do not recall what I flew that one
time in Cesar's battlecruiser... It was the first time I had ever flown a beacon
with anyone else on board. Talk about jumping in with both feet..."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I started with very lows, then
lows, then standards...now I'm up to highs. Next will be going up to a high in a
larger ship. I already can do a standard in something like a gunship."
Damien Goss nods to Morris Corlew. "That's a good stradegy."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Overdriven undercrewed capsule
beacons for the win."
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Karasi cringes.
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Oh, dear."
Karasi Valhannon grins at Morris Corlew.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Pop, and then some."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Make sure your insurance is paid up."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "I prefer very highs in destroyers."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Can't even put a beacon launcher
in a capsule."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "You can actaully handle the
response."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Plus...undercrewed..."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Very highs in cruisers are, uh."
Keegan Wantz gestures vaguely.
Morris Corlew nods to Keegan Wantz. "Very high in the stalwart eventually."
Morris Corlew nods to Keegan Wantz. "Yes, we learned that."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Ugh."
Morris smirks and rubs his arm.
Soraya Rhyz orders a frosty mug full of cola.
Soraya Rhyz takes a sip of a frosty mug full of cola.
Keegan Wantz exclaims in an Asuncionite accent, "FUN!"
Keegan Wantz beams.
Keegan Wantz exclaims in an Asuncionite accent, "They're actually hard!"
Karasi Valhannon says, OOCly, "Be back. Dog."
Keegan Wantz exclaims in an Asuncionite accent, "It's fantastic!"
Morris says to Keegan, "That was my first actual poppage. Before that was just a
simulator in flight school."
Damien Goss asks in a Malagasy accent, "So we're going to go do a six fighter
tandem?"
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at AEU
Salvage Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person medium
transport "Symphonic Deluge". The organization has earned 519,452.92 credits.
Morris says to Damien in an Appalachian accent, "Not me."
-morris When you can do a standard without getting hit much, then take on a
high.
You say to Morris, "When you can do a standard without getting hit much, then
take on a high."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Too lazy for that."
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "I did a high in the stalwart...and
I got hit enough on the standard."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "For today, at least."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I'll watch from the trees... oh wait
there are no trees to hide in."
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "Didn't really get hit much more on
the high than the standard."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I'm too full of pizza."
nod morris
You nod to Morris Corlew.
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "More multiple hits...but not a lot
more times I got myself into trouble."
nod
You nod.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "And harder hits."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Once, I was chained and
swarmed...that was not good."
'Ah, fun times.
You say, "Ah, fun times."
Soraya Rhyz takes a sip of a frosty mug full of cola.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Took me awhile to figure out where
I could get to."
nod morris 'It happens.
You nod to Morris Corlew. "It happens."
nod morris 'It happens.
You nod to Morris Corlew. "It happens."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "By then two ships hit me hard at
the same time."
ooc oops
You say, OOCly, "Oops."
Damien Goss takes a bite of a slice of gulcher's delight pizza.
Morris Corlew glances at Melinda Michaels. "Fortunately I had a very good
engineer."
'Just don't panic.
You say, "Just don't panic."
Morris Corlew nods. "One thing Cesar taught me..."
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We've met all
our goals! Let's keep up the good work!"
grin mel
Morris Corlew chuckles.
You grin at Melinda Michaels.
Morris Corlew says into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch, "Mm hmm."
Lily Kaise pats a metachannel FTL communicator lightly.
Lily says to a metachannel FTL communicator in a New Earth accent, "Good job
little cheerleader."
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
Morris Corlew says into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch, "Skimming or going out of comms?"
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Morris Corlew glances down at his watch momentarily.
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Hmm. Did I do my Accord stuff
yet?"
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I don't think I have."
Melinda says to Morris, "You did fine."
-morris Have you faced a rapid yet?
You say to Morris, "Have you faced a rapid yet?"
Morris Corlew nods to Melinda Michaels. "Thanks."
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "In the cruiser high, yes...and I
think maybe one other time...on your ship maybe?"
'oh, ok.
You say, "Oh, ok."
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "I plan for it regardless."
grin morris 'good plan.
You grin at Morris Corlew. "Good plan."
Morris Corlew absently bobs his head up and down like a space parakeet.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Even if I know I won't get a
rapid, I could still get warpers...so I have my hand on the controls ready to
move."
nod
You nod.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I was about to buy a gunship the
other night, but decided not to. I even went out there to Dred."
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a frosty mug full of root beer.
'Assault warpers in a fighter is a bit of a rush.
You say, "Assault warpers in a fighter is a bit of a rush."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I need to buy a mule...So I
decided that's more a priority than the gunship."
Morris Corlew smirks at you. "I bet."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I want to get where I can fully
lead...and even teach nests."
Morris says to Melinda in an Appalachian accent, "I got squad restore and a
laser cutter for the AEU last night."
'I still want to do a mother nest someday.
You say, "I still want to do a mother nest someday."
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "I don't even want to think about
that at this point."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "I hate that bitch, with a passion."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Morris Corlew chuckles at Damien Goss.
Lily Kaise nods to Damien Goss.
'Yeah, I've heard she's not very nice.
You say, "Yeah, I've heard she's not very nice."
'No milk and cookies.
You say, "No milk and cookies."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "Understatement."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Definitely not."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Every time one is attempted, my
terminal yells at me."
Lily Kaise finishes off a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "I've been league on, hmm I can't even
remember how many, and that bitch always fucks me up within like 30 seconds."
Soraya Rhyz takes a sip of a frosty mug full of cola.
-goss Ouch.
You say to Damien, "Ouch."
Morris Corlew nods to Damien Goss. "I've heard the stories."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "We ahd to go through two passes but we
did get it done."
Damien Goss asks in a Malagasy accent, "You know how we deal with poacher squad
leaders?"
nod
You nod.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Hmm. Sean asked me about GMG. I
was going to take him, but he never hollered at me and I forgot."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "Kind of the same tactic but ten times as
important."
'oy
You say, "Oy."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "I swear this is absolute truth."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ah well, maybe something came up."
Melinda says to you in a Bedford accent, "I don't have my water gun with me."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "Her laser has the potential to pop the
league suit in one shot."
Melinda Michaels grins.
Morris Corlew nods. "He's been around all day, but I just now thought about it."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
grin mel 'How can you let me down like this?
"How can you let me down like this?" You grin at Melinda Michaels.
Morris Corlew chuckles at you.
Melinda says to you in a Bedford accent, "I am a horrible people."
Melinda Michaels grins.
Lily Kaise opens a coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
grin
You grin.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I guess he decided to do that
artifacting thing instead."
Lily Kaise opens a camera bag.
Lily Kaise removes a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side from a camera bag.
'Duck!
You exclaim, "Duck!"
Melinda Michaels laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
'Take cover!
You exclaim, "Take cover!"
Lily Kaise gives a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side to Melinda Michaels.
Morris Corlew cowers away from Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise smirks.
: divesunder the table.
Shule divesunder the table.
Damien Goss takes a bite of a slice of gulcher's delight pizza.
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "Somebody may get pissed if I get
their food wet in ehre."
Melinda Michaels gives a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX'
embossed on the side to Lily Kaise.
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Lily Kaise chuckles.
laugh
Soraya Rhyz removes a deck of Horrible People cards from a shimmering black silk
backpack.
You laugh.
Melinda says to you in a Bedford accent, "You are off the hook this time."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Horrible People."
grin mel
You grin at Melinda Michaels.
Keegan Wantz removes a sleek dark blue pulse rifle with underslung grenade
launcher from a battered metal chest holster.
Soraya Rhyz pats a deck of Horrible People cards lightly.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ah well that's true."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I still haven't seen those on
SSN."
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "But he did go under the table!"
Melinda Michaels grins.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Maybe I'll just ask Icy for a
deck."
Morris Corlew shrugs helplessly.
Soraya says to Morris, "I did a couple days ago."
Keegan Wantz carefully aims a sleek dark blue pulse rifle with underslung
grenade launcher at you and fires!
A stream of water emanates from a sleek dark blue pulse rifle with underslung
grenade launcher, soaking you completely.
: comes out from under the table.
Shule comes out from under the table.
Melinda Michaels laughs.
'hey1
You say, "Hey1."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I said it on comms, but maybe you were
asleep."
Soraya Rhyz chuckles.
shiver
You shiver.
Lily Kaise laughs at herself.
Soraya Rhyz puts a deck of Horrible People cards in a shimmering black silk
backpack.
Morris says to Soraya, "If youdo again buy me one and I'll pay you back?"
Soraya Rhyz nods to Morris Corlew.
Lily Kaise puts a purple plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on
the side in a coral pink silk handbag embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Morris says to Soraya, "Probably. I do sleep from time to time, believe it or
not."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I only caught the end and I couldn't
remember who wanted one. Next time I'll get a couple."
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Morris Corlew nods to Soraya Rhyz. "I'd appreciate it."
Soraya says to Morris, "Weakness!"
Morris Corlew smirks.
Lily says to Morris, "Oh yes yes, that is your Reets coming out!"
Lily Kaise laughs.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Damien Goss takes a bite of a slice of gulcher's delight pizza.
Morris Corlew grins at Lily Kaise. "Yep."
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "That first time we played the water
game was great. Remember, all but Lily had to go repair the rift drive before we
got dressed. Those spacesuits got kinda itchie."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I have had a problem with insomnia
since I was a boy. But I don't do it intentionally like I hear he did."
Keegan Wantz deftly inserts a sleek dark blue pulse rifle with underslung
grenade launcher into a battered metal chest holster with lightning speed.
Karasi Valhannon says, OOCly, "Back now."
laugh mel
You laugh at Melinda Michaels.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "He never slept until the Qi Clan were on
our butts."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Water game?"
Melinda says to Morris, "We ran through the ship soaking each other."
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Water what?"
Soraya Rhyz takes a sip of a frosty mug full of cola.
Karasi rubs her face.
-karasi Welcome back.
You say to Karasi, "Welcome back."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Aha."
Karasi says to you in a Martian accent, "Hm? I never left?"
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Don't shoot water guns at people around
important ship stuff."
Soraya Rhyz glances around at her surroundings.
Karasi Valhannon glances wildly about in a paranoid manner.
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "Then we all ran around naked while
our clothes dried. Only the rift drive broke before we got dressed."
-karasi You were a bit quiet there for a bit.
You say to Karasi, "You were a bit quiet there for a bit."
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Yeah that has shocking effects!"
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Oh my."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise laughs.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Asteroid Flyer". The organization has earned 192,963.30 credits.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I'm fortunate I slept through
that."
Karasi says to Melinda, "Oh, that would be embarrassing. Or something."
Karasi says to you in a Martian accent, "I was lost in thought."
Karasi Valhannon smiles at you.
Melinda says to Karasi, "It was fun."
Morris says to Karasi, "Unfamiliar territory."
Morris Corlew chuckles at Karasi Valhannon.
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Hmm?"
Morris says to Karasi, "You said you were lost in thought..."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Pierre would approve of the nudi."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I want a water pistol now."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Nudity."
-karasi Or something?
You say to Karasi, "Or something?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah it was fun and... different."
Morris says to Karasi, "That place sells them...that toy store."
'over there.
You say, "Over there."
point
You point vaguely off into space.
Karasi says to Morris, "Ah, yes. Quite unfamiliar, after a fashion."
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Toy store, where?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I got mine from the shop in Manhattan."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "They sell clothes and various things."
Morris Corlew grins at Karasi Valhannon.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "A lot of stores sell clothes."
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "XX?"
'This is true.
You say, "This is true."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Hmm."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yup tht one."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "XX. I remember seeing that one."
Morris says to Karasi, "It's on Canal."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Ah."
Karasi Valhannon nods to Morris Corlew.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I will go look."
Morris Corlew pats a copy of "In The Shop" lightly.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Ooh. I want that."
Karasi Valhannon grins at Morris Corlew.
Morris says to Karasi, "Mine."
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Hmm, do I have it?"
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Karasi Valhannon considers a light gray leather Business Cats backpack
thoughtfully.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Berry...err...Elizabeth gave me
this one."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Ah."
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "Berry Elizabeth is good people."
Karasi Valhannon grins.
Morris Corlew nods. "She seems to be."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "She sure is."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "They have it at the book store again."
'Had a feeling she disliked me.
You say, "Had a feeling she disliked me."
Soraya Rhyz finishes off a frosty mug full of cola.
Soraya Rhyz puts a mug in a trash can.
Morris Corlew pats an orange digital felo game lightly. "I beat her record too."
Melinda says to you in a Bedford accent, "How did you manage to get her to
dislike you?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Naa I doubt Elizabeth would dislike
anyone."
shrug mel 'No idea.
You look at Melinda Michaels and shrug. "No idea."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I do not know her."
Karasi Valhannon takes a bite of a slice of pinwheel pizza.
Soraya Rhyz leans on Keegan Wantz.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Ugh, full."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "She's pretty free-spirited."
Morris says to Karasi, "She's really nice. Been around a fair amount lately."
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a frosty mug full of root beer.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Elizaberry dislikes my face."
Morris says to Keegan in an Appalachian accent, "Who doesn't?"
Keegan Wantz beams.
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Soraya raises her hand.
Morris Corlew pats Keegan Wantz on the back.
Morris Corlew smiles at Soraya Rhyz. "Of course."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Keegan's face has grown on me."
Soraya Rhyz grins.
Morris says to Soraya, "I hope not..."
chuckle
You chuckle.
Karasi Valhannon laughs.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "That would be scary."
Lily Kaise glances around at her surroundings.
Karasi Valhannon nods.
Morris Corlew looks at Soraya Rhyz thoughtfully.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Metaphorically."
Karasi Valhannon grins at Soraya Rhyz.
Morris Corlew grins at Soraya Rhyz.
Karasi says to Soraya, "Oh, I know."
Melinda says to Lily in a Bedford accent, "Oh, I read your letter. I will sit
down and answer it later."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Lily says to Melinda, "No worries and tke your time."
Lily Kaise smiles at Melinda Michaels.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "It was just amusing. I have heard
stories in the night of people who have had two faces before. I doubt very, very
seriously whether there is an ounce of truth to them."
Morris says to Lily in an Appalachian accent, "Just curious...were you getting
megacredits from the scooping station?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well uh some do have but they're not
physical faces."
Lily Kaise shrugs.
Karasi Valhannon gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Hmm."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I saw a cat with two faces once."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Wow."
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "A cat with two faces?"
Soraya Rhyz nods.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Oi."
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Oh what are those called...?"
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "It's a generic mutation or a birth defect."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "That is almost as disturbing."
Karasi Valhannon winces.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Janus Cats."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Was it on the same head?"
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Oh dear."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I guess Janus was a god with two faces,
so..."
Lily Kaise nods.
Morris Corlew nods.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Yeah, same head."
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Greek, right?"
Morris Corlew nods to Karasi Valhannon.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "So it was two faced, rather than one with
two heads."
ponder 'Which one would be scarier?
"Which one would be scarier?" You get a distant look on your face as you ponder.
'Two heads or two faces on the same head/
You ask, "Two heads or two faces on the same head?"
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Chimeras don't have two actual
faces...just the face is half one color and half another."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "The face in the back, obviously."
Karasi Valhannon shudders.
Lily Kaise nods.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Poor animal."
Karasi Valhannon nods to Lily Kaise.
nod
You nod.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Quite so."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Chimeras are actually quite
beautiful."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Two-faced felo, coming to a starship near
you."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Nooo."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "No two-faced felo."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I've wondered if a chimera felo
might show up sometime."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Everyone is afraid of it and it's
probably not even mean."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Might be. They mutate pretty frequently."
Morris Corlew nods.
Morris says to Karasi, "Why not? A chimera felo would be beautiful."
Keegan Wantz gets a distant look on his face as he ponders.
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator beeps quietly, indicating that it
has unread notices.
Morris Corlew helps himself to a slice of New Phoenician pizza.
Damien Goss takes a bite of a slice of gulcher's delight pizza.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a slice of New Phoenician pizza.
Damien Goss finishes off a slice of gulcher's delight pizza.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a slice of New Phoenician pizza.
Soraya Rhyz kisses Keegan Wantz on the cheek.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I do not mind felo with two tails. I
would not want to see one with two heads."
Karasi Valhannon takes a bite of a slice of pinwheel pizza.
Morris says to Karasi, "Chimeras don't have two heads."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Then you can pet both heads."
Morris Corlew chuckles at Soraya Rhyz.
Karasi Valhannon grins at Soraya Rhyz.
Karasi Valhannon nods to Morris Corlew.
Damien Goss stands up from a padded green chair.
Karasi says to Morris, "I thought not, but still."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "All right folks. I have to get going."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "That would be more from an
incomplete twinning split."
Karasi Valhannon smiles.
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "You all have fun."
Soraya Rhyz waves to Damien Goss.
Karasi says to Damien, "Thank you for joining us."
Damien Goss waves.
Morris Corlew waves to Damien Goss.
Melinda Michaels waves.
Morris says to Damien, "Thanks for coming."
Damien Goss says in a Malagasy accent, "Thank you for having the pizza party."
Morris Corlew nods. "Of course."
Damien Goss strides out.
Karasi Valhannon finishes off a slice of pinwheel pizza.
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a slice of New Phoenician pizza.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I would think with two faces they would at
least mostly share the same brain, but no idea."
Morris says to Karasi, "Chimeras basically have one coloring on each half of the
face."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Oh. That would be interesting to
observe."
Morris says to Soraya, "Probably only one brain. More a facial deformity."
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "What about the body itself?"
Soraya Rhyz nods to Morris Corlew.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "People can be chimeras too, I've heard."
Morris says to Karasi, "Depends."
Morris Corlew nods to Soraya Rhyz. "I've never met anyone, but yes."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Genetics can do odd things."
Soraya says to Morris, "I do think it's a sort of rare thing."
Morris Corlew nods to Soraya Rhyz. "Probably."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I heard from my father once that
there are stories of men who have had one face on the front of the head, and one
in the back, and the two could make independent facial expressions."
Morris says to Karasi, "Wow."
Karasi Valhannon nods to Morris Corlew.
Karasi says to Morris, "Frightening, if you ask me."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Sounds like a fairytale story."
Soraya Rhyz chuckles.
Karasi Valhannon nods to Soraya Rhyz.
Melinda Michaels says in a Bedford accent, "Gotta run for a bit."
Morris Corlew nods to Melinda Michaels. "Take care."
Karasi Valhannon smiles at Melinda Michaels.
Karasi Valhannon nods to Melinda Michaels.
Melinda says to Lily, "I'll let you guys know about space for this trip when I
get it sorted better. There is a possible artifacting trip in there too."
Morris says to Melinda, "Hey...if you run to Tom Town and want company, let me
know?"
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Likely it is a fairytale, or a
wisetale from someplace."
Melinda says to Morris, "Sure."
Morris says to Melinda, "Thanks."
Morris Corlew orders a frosty mug filled with mixed orange and cream sodas.
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a frosty mug filled with mixed orange and cream
sodas.
Melinda Michaels stands up from a padded green chair.
Melinda Michaels waves.
Melinda Michaels strolls out.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Morris says to Karasi, "I suppose it's possible. Many things can happen with
mutations and incomplete twinning...where either a fetus begins to split but
doesn't completely or two join together. It really is fascinating."
Morris says to Karasi, "Same principle as conjoined twins."
Karasi Valhannon nods to Morris Corlew.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I thought of that too."
Morris Corlew nods to Karasi Valhannon.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Conjoined twins."
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Didn't they used to call them
something else? Centuries ago?"
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Fascinating yet unsettling to think
about."
Karasi Valhannon gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Siamese."
Morris Corlew nods. "Yeah, that's it."
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a frosty mug full of root beer.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at AEU
Salvage Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person medium
transport "Symphonic Deluge". The organization has earned 345,073.62 credits.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ooops I nod off and there goes Mel."
'oh
You say, "Oh."
glance
You glance around at your surroundings.
Morris Corlew smiles at Lily Kaise. "She said she'd let you know about the trip
stuff."
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Ah cool!"
Morris says to Lily, "Did you hear the question I'd asked you earlier about the
scooping station?"
Lily Kaise hugs Morris Corlew.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Aww."
Morris Corlew smiles at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hope we can."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "A most useful journal,
Moose."
Morris Corlew nods.
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yes, it is."
Soraya Rhyz snuggles up to Keegan Wantz's shoulder.
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "I could not have written
better myself."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Laters Mel, I sort of nodded
off... all that pizza business."
tra gen Later Mel.
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Literally. My Esperanto
is terrible."
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Later Mel."
Karasi says to Keegan in a Martian accent, "Hmm... May I ask about your hair? I
have wondered about it."
Keegan Wantz stretches.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "It's metal."
Keegan Wantz puts a copy of "Starships and Upgrades: Fringe Edition" in a
leather portfolio.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Steel, in fact."
Morris says to Lily, "Just curious...were you getting megacredits from the
scooping station?"
Karasi Valhannon gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Steel? Hair?"
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "It is interesting
different names followers give their Gunarsh, and then Feng Wo is different.
Very interesting."
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "How... did that happen?"
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "My favorite part space mustelid."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "My body intakes carbon and iron
from my foods, and through a complex biochemical reaction turns it into an alloy
of the two: steel."
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "All the place names are
different."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Wow."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "In my hair follicles, mostly."
Lily says to Morris, "Nope not yet."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "That is fascinating."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Yes. I also appreciate
the warning that what we are seeing is real, not illusion. That is echoed by
Hana of Marzore."
Morris says to Lily, "You aren't on the one I just put up, but you had been on a
couple previous to that."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "I have said things we
are seeing are real places."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his violet metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Keegan Wantz transmits, "Pardon me while I continue to
hide from the war riftscape."
Karasi says to Keegan, "Your lips are different, I think, though not the rest of
your face."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Sure would help though. I will put up a
basic one with solar power once I get to 100 Command though."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "That's been a thought for
quite some time."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Fancy genetic stuff."
[General Communication] Nicolette of None transmits, "Al|]th*s @o/~e|"
Lily Kaise nods.
Morris says to Lily, "When I put this last one up, I didn't put you on it,
because I didn't think you were getting anything from it."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "It has been thought but
book is correct that too many pilots think it is illusion and not real."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I never noticed your lips before
now."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "It is."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I just did not pay that much
attention. But your hair."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "They're nicer than mine."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Anatolius of Stavros is a hero
amongst peoples."
Karasi Valhannon arches an eyebrow.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Hmm..."
Morris says to Lily, "I couldn't see using your parts if you're not getting
anything from it."
Soraya says to Karasi, "He's the one who did it."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "When I was on my first
trip, I was told do not worry about these things, it's not real. I tell a little
about it in the book I am beginning to write."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "He does genetic therapy."
Lily says to Morris, "Yeah the one up prior had a part that shouldn't have been
included. I doubt I could gain any megacredits unless vassalized."
Karasi Valhannon speaks into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator:
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "I wonder whatever came of
Hana, and how she has been since several months ago."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It's one per org."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Which means be sticks you with a big old
needles and changes your DNA."
Soraya Rhyz chuckles.
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "I am sure she is fine."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "As fine as one can be
after such experience."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Words and grammar."
Lily noticeably cringes.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Eww big needles."
Karasi Valhannon winces.
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "Most pilots ignore the rift
visions. I have seen too much to do that."
Morris says to Lily, "Anyway, this time I didn't put you on it. It's all Seekers
parts."
Lily Kaise nods.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "It's fine!"
org
--
Starseekers
--
General Information
  Purpose:            When the hard work of the day is done, and you are looking
for a place to meet friends. When things become boring and you can't wait to see
something new. Then there is Starseekers, a cool, relaxing place to hang out,
meet old and new friends, and experience something new. Every pilot who believes
there's more to life than points and credits will be welcome here!
  Slogan:             "There's always something new beyond the next star."
  Founder:             Kim Saunders
  Trustees:            Angel Martin and Shule Elemmire
  Members:             10
  Total Members:       13
  Total Active:        8
  Founded on:          22 May 2312
  Public:              Yes
  Recruiting:          No
Unity
  Member Alliances:    AEU, Fringe, and League
  Unity:               79%
Assets
  Credits on Hand:     62,414,874,550.56 EAOS credits
  Starship Insurance:  1,308,007,049.86 EAOS credits
  Support Fund:        5,191,111,110.00 EAOS credits
  Starships Owned:     22
  Starships Supported: 3 of 16
  Support Cost:        240,000,000.00 EAOS credits
  Megacredits:         998
  Member Megacredits:  510
Progress
  Industry:            7620
  Space Combat:        3567
  Ground Combat:       1746
  Exploration:         2726
  Command:             7792
--
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "I don't ignore them, to
ignore them could lead to someone being turned into a nightlight. Or. Getting
attacked by a chain. Or. Any number of things."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I don't think I will offer vassalization
to any organization for a long time anyway."
Karasi Valhannon speaks into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator:
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "I cannot ignore them. Some
of them leave me with quite nasty headaches. And they are so... invasive. The
rift... what I am seeing."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "I have a scar that reminds
me they are real."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise. "The first time I did it, I didn't have any
instruction, and I knew you were on it, so I did put two of yours on there."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It's quite ok."
stretch
You stretch.
Morris says to Lily, "But when I found out you weren't getting anything from it,
I thought...and it was confirmed by a couple other folks...that I shouldn't be
using your parts."
Lily Kaise nods.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "No worries."
Karasi Valhannon helps herself to a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza
from a small table with a red checkered tablecloth.
Morris says to Lily, "You'll go on anything else we put up, like the roid
station, but not the scooping."
Karasi Valhannon takes a bite of a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "What I saw from you mel, and
from sen on that first expidition last year, I don't take them for granted, even
in excelerators to and from places. Or even small trips to NQ in my own gem... I
don't take them for granted."
Lily Kaise nods.
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "I value my life after all."
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Neither do I. I also have
learned that the fastest, easiest way out is not necessarily the best."
Morris Corlew rubs a small vaguely geometric reddish-brown stone for some
reason.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah for some reason, I was left off of
the BAS this time but it happens but there's always next time."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "That too."
Karasi Valhannon hugs Morris Corlew.
Morris Corlew nods. "Seekers was left off the toll station in Orion, too."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Not me but sEAS hehe."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Exiting the rift?"
Morris Corlew hugs Karasi Valhannon.
org
--
Starseekers
--
General Information
  Purpose:            When the hard work of the day is done, and you are looking
for a place to meet friends. When things become boring and you can't wait to see
something new. Then there is Starseekers, a cool, relaxing place to hang out,
meet old and new friends, and experience something new. Every pilot who believes
there's more to life than points and credits will be welcome here!
  Slogan:             "There's always something new beyond the next star."
  Founder:             Kim Saunders
  Trustees:            Angel Martin and Shule Elemmire
  Members:             10
  Total Members:       13
  Total Active:        8
  Founded on:          22 May 2312
  Public:              Yes
  Recruiting:          No
Unity
  Member Alliances:    AEU, Fringe, and League
  Unity:               79%
Assets
  Credits on Hand:     62,414,874,550.56 EAOS credits
  Starship Insurance:  1,308,007,049.86 EAOS credits
  Support Fund:        5,191,111,110.00 EAOS credits
  Starships Owned:     22
  Starships Supported: 3 of 16
  Support Cost:        240,000,000.00 EAOS credits
  Megacredits:         998
  Member Megacredits:  510
Progress
  Industry:            7620
  Space Combat:        3567
  Ground Combat:       1746
  Exploration:         2726
  Command:             7792
--
Karasi Valhannon orders a frosty mug full of grape soda.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Morris says to Lily, "I knew what you meant."
Morris says to Lily, "But you're the only one in SEAS..."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "RUNE-eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
e."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Morris Corlew laughs at Keegan Wantz.
Lily Kaise chuckles.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Is the best organization."
chuckle
You chuckle.
Keegan Wantz exclaims in an Asuncionite accent, "And it's not just me!"
Morris says to Lily, "I noticed you changed it..."
Keegan Wantz beams.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "You are no longer the explorerers."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "No more explorering."
'She just edited.
You say, "She just edited."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yep it was kind of... mis-worded."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "That does not work. The
faeries are not stupid. They can wait and return, and they have."
'er, edited it.
You say, "Er, edited it."
Morris Corlew grins. "I hadn't said anything because I thought it was
intentional."
Karasi Valhannon says into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator, "Oooh! Congratulations!"
Karasi Valhannon says into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator, "I have 2663."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his violet metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Keegan Wantz transmits, "Beat the chains with a baton."
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "No."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his violet metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Keegan Wantz transmits, "Speaking of, Akemi doing
better?"
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "That does not...help."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his violet metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Keegan Wantz transmits, "Yes it does!"
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "What... happened to akemi?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "When I first established it, I
didn'trealize I could choose the Tag so I entered the title in such a manner
that the first letters would catch and of course it wasn't proper Esperanto."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his violet metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Keegan Wantz transmits, "She beat the chains."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his violet metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Keegan Wantz transmits, "With a baton."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Akemi is fine."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Aww."
You hear Keegan Wantz's dark metallic blue touch einrophone ringing.
You hear Keegan Wantz's dark metallic blue touch einrophone ringing.
You hear Keegan Wantz's dark metallic blue touch einrophone ringing.
Keegan Wantz removes a dark metallic blue touch einrophone from a dark gray
leather phone holster.
Keegan Wantz unlocks a dark metallic blue touch einrophone with a swipe of his
finger.
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz asks in an Asuncionite accent, "Sup?"
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Wait, she actually...did beat the
chain with her baton?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So I decided to fix it. Costs 500 mil to
change a name though so can't t odhat often."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "That's good to hear aisling."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise.
Soraya says to Morris, "Nah."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Oh."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Chains attacked us. She
was protected by amulet of Jizo. They returned though, and she fought one off
and killed it."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Nobody told me that."
Keegan Wantz rolls his eyes.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Keegan was asleep."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "As Hana said to us, they
are real and can be killed."
Soraya Rhyz chuckles.
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz exclaims in an Asuncionite accent, "Too late!"
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Not really, it's what Aisling
said."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "Wait, how do you kill a
chain? It isn't a living thing. I have one in my airlock."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh yeah the chain was in the large
xenology container."
Soraya Rhyz speaks into her silvery gray metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Soraya Rhyz transmits, "I think Jizo did that."
Morris Corlew nods.
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Was that it?"
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "Oh. Dear. That's... and you
still have that chain in your airlock mel? damn."
Keegan Wantz chuckles.
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "I forget. I was not
awake for second attack."
Soraya Rhyz speaks into her silvery gray metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Soraya Rhyz transmits, "I think so. I just saw the chain
on the ground afterward."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Ah well."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "First attack there was a
voice and eyes. It demanded blood."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "Oh god."
Karasi Valhannon speaks into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator:
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Oh no."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah we heard the voice and I saw eyes
later."
Morris Corlew nods.
[Newbie Help] Jada Nelson transmits, "What's the command to turn on and off a
channel."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "The chain was left on the
ground after Seneca got burned too."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "They were Akemi's eyes."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I saw eyes in a different scene."
Karasi Valhannon speaks into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator:
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "What!"
[Newbie Help] Ather Jammoa transmits, "<channel> comm."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "They glowed."
Karasi Valhannon shudders.
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew transmits, "When you're not in your control room,
you can turn off by using the name of the channel followed by comm."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "Wait, blood?"
[Newbie Help] Ather Jammoa transmits, "If you need to turn off the gen channel,
turn it off anywhere but a ship's control room."
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yeah, what Ather said."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Oh, that is scary."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Yep."
[Newbie Help] Jada Nelson transmits, "Thank you guys so much."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "It said blooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooooooooood over the intercomms."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "And then killed our comms."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "I tried to speak to
faerie, and provided sample container of my blood. It melted into ground. The
faerie did not attack me, but it did go after Pierre and Akemi. We are unsure if
it was due to amulets, or other behaviors exhibited during encounter. Pierre
seemed frightened a bit, and that is when he was attacked."
[Newbie Help] Ather Jammoa transmits, "The control room thing only applies to
general channel, because there's a matching issue with gen sec comms."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Oh my! Stars!"
Karasi Valhannon speaks into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator:
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Blood? Oh, dear."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "To be fair, we've been kinda
ripping holes in it for years."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "To get into it."
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew transmits, "Right."
Soraya Rhyz speaks into her silvery gray metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Soraya Rhyz transmits, "It didn't attack me and I had my
amulet on. Not sure why it picked who it picked."
[Newbie Help] Jada Nelson transmits, "Oh I can see why because of the general
space channel?"
[Newbie Help] Ather Jammoa transmits, "Right."
Karasi Valhannon speaks into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator:
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "What sort of amulet was
this?"
[Newbie Help] Jada Nelson transmits, "Gotcha, thank you again."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "It seems we learn more and
more about the rift each expidition."
Soraya Rhyz slides a tag-shaped amulet covered in tyrian purple fabric brocaded
with a floral pattern off of a delicate Lunar fern frond keychain adorned with a
tag-shaped amulet covered in tyrian purple fabric brocaded with a floral
pattern.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "This one."
Karasi Valhannon blinks.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Oh, wow."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah Akemi's was all chared."
[General Communication] Aisling as if offering of blood is odd thing.
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz exclaims in an Asuncionite accent, "Eh!"
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Remember, we are on their
turf, not our own. We are entering their domain."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So it helped her in some way."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "If they request blood, I
will give them some."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "It's an amulet of Jizo."
Lily Kaise nods.
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "Yes, maybe trying to beat
them up is bad?"
Karasi Valhannon speaks into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator:
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "In ancient cultures, I know
it was done quite readily and often. I do not know in more modern ones, or
simply, present-day cultures."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Is no different than
going into Aquarium with blood."
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I wonder how much they will
ask for...beyond blood..."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "He's a spirit that protects travelers."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "Very true. And who knows what
the rift entities really want, or can do."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Fascinating..."
Lily Kaise nods.
Soraya Rhyz slides a tag-shaped amulet covered in tyrian purple fabric brocaded
with a floral pattern onto a delicate Lunar fern frond keychain.
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Is this Jizo one that Aisling
believes in? Part of her clan or family belief system?"
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Faeries have their
reasons I am sure. In my culture we appease them and give them what they ask.
They stay happy and leave us alone."
Keegan Wantz speaks into his dark metallic blue touch einrophone:
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Cheers."
Keegan Wantz touches the screen of a dark metallic blue touch einrophone, then
swipes his finger across it to lock it.
Keegan Wantz places a dark metallic blue touch einrophone into a dark gray
leather phone holster.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "More than Aisling."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "It is true though that
there are just simply bad ones you cannot reason with."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well maybe before our Government
abandons AEU pilots after the next eleciton I'll jsut go somewwhere...
somewhere... different."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "No. It's part of the Spinward clans.
Marzores, that I have seen."
Karasi Valhannon speaks into her metallic gold orange metachannel FTL
communicator:
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "This is true, yes."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Just."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "But I wish to try to
deal with these chains more. The ones which control them. The eyes."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Ah..."
Morris Corlew raises an eyebrow at Lily Kaise.
Karasi Valhannon gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Apparently it's also an old Shinto spirit,
according to Akemi."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Hmm."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Intelligent enough to
speak and make request."
Morris Corlew nods to Soraya Rhyz. "That's what I had been told also."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I sure don't want to go back to being an
accountant."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "There's a shrine to a Jizo in Japan on Old
Earth."
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Does the entire clan have the same
beliefs, or do they vary?"
Lily Kaise laughs.
Soraya says to Karasi, "I think they are fairly similar but only amongst those I
have met."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Which is rather limited."
Morris says to Karasi, "Different clans have some differing beliefs, but from
what I understand, they are some things very much in common."
[Tactical Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "Destroyer and fighter both
pirates in 285."
Karasi Valhannon nods.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "You'd have to ask Anfisa."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "But the Marzore clan might well believe in
different things then a different Spinward clan."
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[Tactical Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Do you need assistance?"
Lily Kaise nods.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "She is... difficult to communicate
with."
Morris says to Karasi, "Anfisa?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Jsut as Gunarsh have their own albeit
they are Coreward."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "It is still intriguing. I wish she
were more approachable."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I don't know of anyone has asked the
Chevalier about their beliefs because scary."
Karasi Valhannon nods to Morris Corlew.
Karasi says to Soraya, "Scary how?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah they are especially with
thoseteeth."
[Tactical Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "I just navigated out, but
figured I'd transmit it, just as warning to roiders or other salvagers to be
careful."
Morris says to Karasi, "I suppose, a bit."
Morris Corlew speaks into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch:
[Tactical Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep. Just making sure you
were ok."
Soraya says to Karasi, "As in slave traders and possible cannibals."
Karasi cringes.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Gah..."
Karasi Valhannon shakes her head.
Morris Corlew nods. "I've heard about that."
Lily Kaise nods.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "They file their teeth down into points,
yeah."
Karasi Valhannon shivers.
Morris points at his own sharp teeth.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Not only does that sound painful,
but the other things disturb me greatly."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Mine just grew this way naturally
though."
Lily Kaise nods.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It's sickening."
Soraya Rhyz nods.
Morris Corlew smirks at Lily Kaise.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Sickening, referring to the Gunarsh,
not you, Morris, I think."
Morris Corlew grins at Karasi Valhannon. "I figured."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "There's other clans too. Shade, for
example."
Morris Corlew nods.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "And Clan Stavros."
Lily says to Morris, "Sharp teeth is one thing as that's just a natural aspect
of someone's appearance but not with that clan."
Soraya Rhyz nods.
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Clan Shade?"
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise. "I figured that's what you meant...hence why I
was not at all offended. I thought it rather funny, though."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Stavros, Shade, Marzore, the
Barbaric Spinward Clan of Chevalier."
Morris Corlew nods to Karasi Valhannon.
Lily Kaise nods to Morris Corlew.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Mhm."
Lily Kaise smiles.
Karasi Valhannon gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Chevalier?"
Lily Kaise nods to Karasi Valhannon.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Anfisa is of Marzore and Shade, after all."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "So's Anya."
Keegan Wantz stretches.
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "Ah, both?"
Soraya Rhyz nods to Karasi Valhannon.
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Also what is the....um...the other
clan...spinward...the one that had...a lot of space sickness from what I was
told?"
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Sabin of Shade is a person."
Soraya Rhyz chuckles.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Technically Nissi is her own clan."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Hana was of Marzore, but not of
Shade...they must have pretty close relations, though."
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Per the clanners."
Keegan Wantz beams.
Karasi Valhannon asks in a Martian accent, "There is someone I recall who kept
saying that Marzore is not her last name. It is her clan name. I do not know who
that was--Anya or Anfisa, or someone else. Aradi?"
Morris says to Keegan, "How does that work, exactly? I've wondered that?"
Karasi frowns to herself.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Anfisa is Anfisa's name, do not say
Aradi."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah it is the Marzore Clan."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "But oftentimes we on this side take clan
names for lastnames. I know old World Scottish and others?"
Karasi says to Keegan, "Ah. So she is the one. I will not call her that,
certainly. I thought they were two separate people until you said that."
l karasi
Karasi Valhannon
She appears to be 24 years old. She is about four feet and eleven inches tall
and has fair skin. Her body is wiry with slightly curved hips and strong calves.
She has slender shoulders and small breasts. Her face is oval and pretty, with a
small nose and dimpled chin. Her lips are soft and rosy and occasionally part to
reveal a set of white teeth. Beneath a set of dark eyebrows, her eyes are grey
and wide. Her waist-length, wavy hair is chestnut brown with dark honey blonde
highlights and swept back from her face into a mass of tousled curls. She has
neatly trimmed light pink fingernails. She has a pair of amber tortoiseshell
combs in her hair.
A sparkling sapphire stud pierces her right upper ear and a sparkling sapphire
stud pierces her left upper ear.
 She is wearing an indigo t-shirt with "Belief is the beginning of spectacular."
printed across the front, a long stormy blue silk skirt, and a pair of casual
heather purple leather sandals. She is also wearing a delicate ring of silver
wire and small pale purple amethyst crystals, a misty purple macrame purse, a
sky blue wrist-mounted chronometer, a cerulean blue touch einrophone in a pale
pink reinforced plastic phone holster, a compact metallic cerise camera with a
gold fleur-de-lys embossed on the front with a glittery emerald green camera
strap, a light gray leather Business Cats backpack, a pair of slender silver
earrings with tiny tinkling silver bells, a slender bracelet of tiny tinkling
silver bells around her wrist, a slender bracelet of tiny tinkling silver bells
around her wrist, a gleaming gold De ring, and a dark blue engineering tool
case. Her head, face, both eyes, neck, both elbows, both forearms, both wrists,
and both hands are left uncovered.
She is carrying a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza in her left hand,
and a frosty mug full of grape soda in her right hand.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Likely not much use for a last name in
Spinward space."
Karasi Valhannon gets a distant look on her face as she ponders.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "No."
Lily Kaise nods.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "There was something to the meaning
of the two names."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "If you all have the same one."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I cannot remember now what they both
mean."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "They probably want as much anonymity as
possible."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise. "That too."
Karasi furrows her brows.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
Morris Corlew takes a sip of a frosty mug filled with mixed orange and cream
sodas.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
Morris Corlew says into his metallic blue metachannel FTL communicator and
watch, "Yes, yes. I should maybe do something about that. Maybe. Perhaps. Oh
yes, I guess I should."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Amazing we come back to a messabout
congratulations! Your alliance did absolutely no work to we've already met our
goals."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "All those exploration points."
Morris Corlew grins at Lily Kaise. "Yeah...we didn't for several conquests and
this one I think we'll meet both. Last we only met one."
Morris Corlew nods. "Yep."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "And Monay Maker's work."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Money."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Still have photo points and credits coming
too."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I didn't turn in anything actually but I
guess a little counts as my cap resolves."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "But I did a bunch of Industry."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise.
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Belt points?"
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "It's our top activity for
contributions right now."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yup some of those, I had some TeslaBucks
and I did two missions."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I think planetary finds was
second."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise.
Morris Corlew glances down at his watch momentarily.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I should go ahead and knock out
those Accord missions."
Morris Corlew takes a bite of a slice of New Phoenician pizza.
Lily says to Soraya, "Did you turn in your planets? I'm surious to know the
actual number of planets?"
Keegan says to Soraya, "Time to salvage!"
Soraya Rhyz nods to Lily Kaise.
Soraya says to Lily, "29."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "How many?"
Morris says to Karasi, "You wanna take the ITPN back, or are you ready to go
also?"
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "29, indeed."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Two or three were already surveyed, I
believe."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Hmm."
Keegan Wantz asks in an Asuncionite accent, "Did you not turn yours in, Lily?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ah ok that is what Kim received. I guess
two were already surveyed."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Still awesome."
Karasi says to Morris, "I will go back. I am feeling quiet."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "And about 7 some odd billion credits."
Lily Kaise nods.
Morris Corlew nods to Karasi Valhannon.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So I have 32 to turn in someday."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I could use some billions of
credits."
Morris Corlew stands up from a padded green chair.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Keegan Wantz salutes Karasi Valhannon.
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "I have way too much money."
Karasi Valhannon stands up from a padded green chair.
Soraya Rhyz chuckles.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Thanks for coming, all of you."
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "I wish I could say that."
Morris says to Soraya, "I'll take some off your hands."
Soraya Rhyz waves to Morris Corlew.
Karasi Valhannon grins.
Karasi says to Soraya, "As will I."
Lily Kaise waves to Morris Corlew and waves to Karasi Valhannon.
Karasi Valhannon grins.
Lily Kaise smiles.
Soraya says to Morris, "Save a Morris Foundation."
Morris Corlew quickly drains a frosty mug filled with mixed orange and cream
sodas.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Was really fun."
Morris Corlew laughs.
Karasi Valhannon finishes off a slice of sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
Karasi Valhannon quickly drains a frosty mug full of grape soda.
Morris Corlew puts a mug in a trash can.
Karasi Valhannon puts a mug in a trash can.
Morris Corlew finishes off a slice of New Phoenician pizza.
Morris Corlew waves frantically!
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Maybe I'll buy my Luna mansion."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Guess we'll go back too."
Soraya Rhyz waves.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Ooh."
Morris Corlew takes Karasi Valhannon into his group.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Luna mansion. That could be fun."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Soraya Rhyz nods.
Karasi Valhannon says in a Martian accent, "Mars mansion..."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Later."
Morris Corlew's group mosies out.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "You can afford it now."
Soraya Rhyz says in a Luna accent, "Or at least put some away for later
mansion."
Lily Kaise grins.
Lily Kaise nods.
Lily Kaise stands up from a padded green chair.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok let's see oh I need to take pizza
home for the Lizard."
Lily Kaise removes a midnight blue plastic box labeled 'photo images' from a
camera bag.
Lily Kaise puts a midnight blue plastic box labeled 'photo images' in a camera
bag.
Lily Kaise closes a camera bag.
Lily Kaise removes an insulated purple cooler from a coral pink silk handbag
embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
Keegan Wantz applauds sedately.
Lily Kaise finishes off a frosty mug full of root beer.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, "Grab what you want, I'll clean up
the rest."
Lily Kaise puts a mug in a trash can.
Soraya Rhyz wraps her arms around Keegan Wantz, pulling him close.
Lily Kaise orders a meat trio pizza.
Lily Kaise puts a meat trio pizza in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a sausage and roasted pepper pizza.
Lily Kaise puts a sausage and roasted pepper pizza in an insulated purple
cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a Pinwheel pizza.
Lily Kaise puts a Pinwheel pizza in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders an order of breadsticks.
Lily Kaise puts an order of breadsticks in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a frosty mug full of root beer.
Lily Kaise puts a frosty mug full of root beer in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a frosty mug full of root beer.
Lily Kaise puts a frosty mug full of root beer in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise removes a frosty mug full of root beer from an insulated purple
cooler.
Lily Kaise puts a frosty mug full of root beer in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a frosty mug full of root beer.
Lily Kaise puts a frosty mug full of root beer in an insulated purple cooler.
Keegan Wantz says in an Asuncionite accent, ".. that's a shitton of food."
Lily Kaise orders a frosty mug full of root beer.
Lily Kaise puts a frosty mug full of root beer in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise closes an insulated purple cooler.
Keegan Wantz chuckles.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Our staples."
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
Lily Kaise holds your hand, taking you into her group.
Lily Kaise pulls you to your feet.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok guys, good to see you again."
Soraya Rhyz waves.
Lily Kaise waves to Soraya Rhyz and waves to Keegan Wantz.
You follow Lily Kaise out.
[Outland City; Narrow One-Way Road]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go west.
You follow Lily Kaise west.
[Outland City; Narrow One-Way Road]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go east and out.
You follow Lily Kaise out.
[Outland City; Gulch Street]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north and south.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue and Water Street]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, west, and up.
You follow Lily Kaise into the Nightshade.
[Outland City; Nightshade Coffeehouse]
You see a trash can, an old upright piano, and a comfortable piano bench here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out.
Lily Kaise orders a generous wedge of chocolate cheesecake.
Lily Kaise opens an insulated purple cooler and the light inside clicks on.
Lily Kaise puts a generous wedge of chocolate cheesecake in an insulated purple
cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a generous wedge of chocolate cheesecake.
Lily Kaise puts a generous wedge of chocolate cheesecake in an insulated purple
cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a tall glass of sweetened iced tea.
Lily Kaise puts a tall glass of sweetened iced tea in an insulated purple
cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a tall glass of sweetened iced tea.
Lily Kaise puts a tall glass of sweetened iced tea in an insulated purple
cooler.
Lily Kaise closes an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise opens a lavender silk backpack embroidered with brightly hued
butterflies for a moment.
Lily Kaise puts an insulated purple cooler in a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise opens a lavender silk backpack embroidered with brightly hued
butterflies.
Lily Kaise removes an insulated black cooler from a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise puts an insulated black cooler in a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise removes a blue plastic food storage container from a lavender silk
backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise orders a large wedge of fresh coffee cake topped with apple streusel.
Lily Kaise puts a large wedge of fresh coffee cake topped with apple streusel in
a blue plastic food storage container.
Lily Kaise orders a large wedge of fresh coffee cake topped with apple streusel.
Lily Kaise puts a large wedge of fresh coffee cake topped with apple streusel in
a blue plastic food storage container.
Lily Kaise orders a freshly baked Danish filled with vanilla custard and topped
with sweet white icing and flaked almonds.
Lily Kaise puts a freshly baked Danish filled with vanilla custard and topped
with sweet white icing and flaked almonds in a blue plastic food storage
container.
Lily Kaise orders a freshly baked Danish filled with vanilla custard and topped
with sweet white icing and flaked almonds.
Lily Kaise puts a freshly baked Danish filled with vanilla custard and topped
with sweet white icing and flaked almonds in a blue plastic food storage
container.
Lily Kaise orders a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise puts a cup of hot French vanilla coffee in a blue plastic food
storage container.
Lily Kaise orders a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise puts a cup of hot French vanilla coffee in a blue plastic food
storage container.
Lily Kaise orders a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise puts a cup of hot French vanilla coffee in a blue plastic food
storage container.
Lily Kaise orders a cup of hot French vanilla coffee.
Lily Kaise puts a cup of hot French vanilla coffee in a blue plastic food
storage container.
You follow Lily Kaise out.
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue and Water Street]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, west, and up.
You follow Lily Kaise west.
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go east and west.
You follow Lily Kaise west.
[Outland City; St. Jude Avenue]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go east and west.
You follow Lily Kaise west.
[Outland City; Memorial Drive and St. Jude Avenue]
You see a white and neon orange-striped barrier blocking the road to the west
here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, and up.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Outland City; Memorial Drive]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north and south.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Outland City; Memorial Drive]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north and south.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Outland City; Memorial Drive]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north and south.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Outland City; Shetland Boulevard and Memorial Drive]
You see a white and neon orange-striped barrier blocking the road to the west,
an automatic teller machine, and a sturdy transparisteel phone booth here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, and up.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Centauri; Spaceport Road]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north and south.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Centauri; Spaceport Road Bridge]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north and south.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Centauri; Spaceport Road]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, and up.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Centauri Spaceport; Entry Hall]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go south and out.
Lily Kaise closes a blue plastic food storage container.
Lily Kaise puts a blue plastic food storage container in a lavender silk
backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise removes an insulated purple cooler from a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Centauri Spaceport; Central Hall]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, west, and
northwest.
You follow Lily Kaise into a gracefully curving spiral stairway.
[Centauri Spaceport; Central Hall; Upper Level]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go east and west.
You follow Lily Kaise east.
[Centauri Spaceport; The Overlook Eatery]
You see a shiny blue trash bin here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go west.
Lily Kaise orders a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
Lily Kaise opens an insulated purple cooler for a moment.
Lily Kaise puts a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa in an insulated
purple cooler.
Lily Kaise opens an insulated purple cooler and the light inside clicks on.
Lily Kaise orders a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
Lily Kaise puts a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa in an insulated
purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a basket of breaded fried mozarella sticks with dipping sauce.
Lily Kaise puts a basket of breaded fried mozarella sticks with dipping sauce in
an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a basket of breaded fried mozarella sticks with dipping sauce.
Lily Kaise puts a basket of breaded fried mozarella sticks with dipping sauce in
an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a perfect square of tiramisu.
Lily Kaise puts a perfect square of tiramisu in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a perfect square of tiramisu.
Lily Kaise puts a perfect square of tiramisu in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a slice of chocolate cream pie.
Lily Kaise puts a slice of chocolate cream pie in an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise orders a slice of chocolate cream pie.
Lily Kaise puts a slice of chocolate cream pie in an insulated purple cooler.
You follow Lily Kaise west.
[Centauri Spaceport; Central Hall; Upper Level]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go east and west.
You follow Lily Kaise into a gracefully curving spiral stairway.
[Centauri Spaceport; Central Hall]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, west, and
northwest.
You follow Lily Kaise south.
[Centauri Spaceport; Landing Pad]
The one-person fighter "I Am A New Pilot", the one-person flitter "Hi There!",
the two-person light transport "Return To Sender", the reconnaissance craft
"Artifactor", the one-person fighter "Hypernova", the one-person fighter
"Transporter", the one-person runabout "Scheherazade", the five-person A.S.S.
tactical platform "William Dove", and the two-person medium transport
"Registered Merchant 081" are landed here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north.
The two-person medium transport "Registered Merchant 081" rises smoothly off the
ground and accelerates rapidly toward space.
You follow Lily Kaise aboard the five-person A.S.S. tactical platform "William
Dove".
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
You follow Lily Kaise into the ship.
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, a clear plastic food storage container, Magellan the
arachnoid security robot, a hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins,
and Xavier the big silver soldier felo here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go south and out.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters south.
Lily Kaise puts down an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise closes an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise picks up a clear plastic food storage container.
Lily Kaise disbands her group.
Lily Kaise glides out.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise removes a blue plastic food storage container from a lavender silk
backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
A short yellow soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles propels
itself through the tank, stirring up tiny particles.
Lily Kaise puts down a blue plastic food storage container.
Lily Kaise grasps a large lever on the control board and pushes it slowly away
from her.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
Lily Kaise uses the ship's radio to ask flight control for launch clearance.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "William Dove, you are given launch
clearance under the AEU-League non-aggression pact."
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the FTL flight control board.
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
New Earth rotates through space before you, a startingly verdant planet, colored
in greens and blues with pure white clouds.
Via general sector communication, New Earth transmits, "Hello there, William
Dove! Welcome to home space!"
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: New Earth.
You notice Lily Kaise using the radio to ask for landing clearance.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Hello, William Dove. We read your AEU
transponder. You are cleared to land at the city of New Phoenix."
Lily Kaise pulls a large lever towards her.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Asteroid Flyer". The organization has earned 161,312.21 credits.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made
white and sapphire star quilt on it.
Lily Kaise removes a copy of "How To Run An Expedition" from a lavender silk
backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise opens a copy of "How To Run An Expedition".
Lily Kaise begins reading in a copy of "How To Run An Expedition".
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Amen."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Amen to the stars."
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches south.
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator beeps quietly, indicating that it
has unread notices.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "All the tentacles..."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "What where? There's a bunch in
the aquarium in here."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida snickers. "Your poor tenticles morris."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Technically they're not
mine...well, maybe temporarily. They used to belong to some Outsiders and will
soon belong to the Accord."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Oh uh all right!"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs at Lily Kaise.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Stupid rats."
Lily Kaise looks at a copy of "How To Run An Expedition" and smiles.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Very nice."
Lily Kaise closes a copy of "How To Run An Expedition".
Lily Kaise puts a copy of "How To Run An Expedition" on a round white rattan
coffee table with a glass top.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hmm...anyone want practice
shooting rats? They're causing trouble in Orion."
A large semi-transparent spherical creature with long dangling tendrils and an
amber glowing interior drifts slowly past a plastic shipwreck flying a pirate
flag.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Nooooo I shot up so many rats
when I was a new pilot. Had my fill!"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "They hurt."
Lily Kaise keys her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise laughs.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yeah, they do. They beat up my
medium transport...I was going to shoot at them...and I was...but they hit
hard."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "GMG Sentries are more fun."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Totally."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "I agree there."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I got to fly against them
recently...Melinda and I have been going out there with a rental 2 and an AEU 2.
It's funny because they don't know who to hit, so they spend ore time turning
back and forth than shooting at you."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria turns to regard its surroundings from its perch
on Lily Kaise's shoulder, and its spine ridges flicker blue for a brief moment.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hmm...Guess I should take this
core out to SVP..."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "They aren't too bad but it's
annoying when they get the last whack at you."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs. "Yep."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I am investing in a
fighter...and a mule...and...and...and..."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I think the rats don't want me
transferring at Orion. But screw them."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Just go out, repair then sneak
back in."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "They're hover over the
station."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Oh yeah that's a real pain."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "It's ok...makes it hard to
land, but they can't keep me from feeding the beast..."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Go to the opposite end of the
sector and out of the edge and then back in and I bet you can get to the
station."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Oh I got here."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Ah cool!"
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Red Tape Is No Joke". The organization has earned 840,512.38
credits.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I ran to get reps first
because they totally took out my turret before it could finish repairing and
almost got the other one too...then came back. But when I was landing, it caught
up to me."
Lily Kaise keys her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise whistles.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "And now they're gone."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Guess they got bored."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yeah they can take a turret in
one hit those jerks."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep. And this poor transport
only has the two."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "You might want to put heavy
lasers on there. Just saying."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "That's why I don't salvage in
a sector with rats...or in the beaconed sector itself."
A long gold soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles rears up
suddenly from behind a plastic wrecked EAOS Defender and wraps its tentacles
around it as if trying to drag it into the deep.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at AEU
Salvage Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person medium
transport "Iridescent Kitsune". The organization has earned 702,548.08 credits.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I think I do...I haven't
upgraded them in awhile though, so I should check that out."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Or eyah, just stay out of the
way."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "That's what I'd rather do,
honestly. I don't want to fight in my medium if I don't have to."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "It can be done, but it's not
my preference."
A long gold soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles wraps its
tentacles tightly around a small plastic statue of a Jinu, then loses interest
and jets off.
glance
You glance around at your surroundings.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
cudle lily
I don't understand that.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
'So the party broke up?
You ask, "So the party broke up?"
peer out
Not much to see out there.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yep."
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Morris and Karasi said they both wanted
to get some work done."
-lily Thanks for dragging me back to the ship.
You say to Lily, "Thanks for dragging me back to the ship."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around Lily Kaise's neck.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh sure. I just hope people don't thik
i'm that way with you."
chuckle 'I doubt it.
You chuckle. "I doubt it."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Good as you know you are your own person
which is what I so respect about you."
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
conquest
The AEU did not reach any of its performance goals.
Congratulations! Your entire alliance did nothing for a whole Conquest period!
The current Conquest period began 2 days, 22 hours, 57 minutes, and 6 seconds
ago. The period will end in 1 day, 1 hour, 2 minutes, and 2 seconds.
'up for a destroyer beacon or two?
You ask, "Up for a destroyer beacon or two?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I know if it were me, you'd look out for
me too."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "You have."
nod lily 'Of course I will.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
You nod to Lily Kaise. "Of course I will."
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
'er, would.
You say, "Er, would."
Lily Kaise smiles.
'up for a scout or destroyer beacon or two?
You ask, "Up for a scout or destroyer beacon or two?"
Lily Kaise hugs you.
hug lily
You hug Lily Kaise.
[Notification from Starseekers] 1 megacredit has been spent on the
organization's hyperwave relay rental contract.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeze lily
I don't understand that.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We're so
close to reaching both performance goals! Keep going!"
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "All the unusual jump
drives."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oops what happened."
'I don't know
You say, "I don't know."
'are you up for a scout, or destroyer beacon?
You ask, "Are you up for a scout, or destroyer beacon?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ugh what happened to our goals? They
were done! Guess will need to do something to boost them up before end of
Conquest."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Perhaps some hauling will help."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on Lily Kaise's shoulder, blinks its
yellow eyes slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Sure. I just feel a bit uncoordinated
and rusty though."
'Yeah, hence why I'd rather just do destroyer or scout beacons . I'm feeling a
bit rusty too.
You say, "Yeah, hence why I'd rather just do destroyer or scout beacons. I'm
feeling a bit rusty too."
Lily Kaise nods.
tra tac One for destroyer beacons?
[Tactical Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "One for destroyer beacons?"
[Tactical Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Can you wait about 15
minutes?"
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Sure!"
tra tac Sure.
[Tactical Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Sure."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Heh maybe he will fly."
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Vast Hope". The organization has earned 1,047,876.73 credits.
[Tactical Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Me then."
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of tritium-rich hydrogen has been
received at League Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon
from the two-person medium transport "Vast Hope". The organization has earned
247,631.59 credits.
tra tac Ok, let me know when you're available and we'll meet on New Earth.
[Tactical Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Ok, let me know when you're
available and we'll meet on New Earth."
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
l case
a black engineering tool case
This sleek black plasteel case is designed to carry advanced engineering tools.
An adjustable strap allows wear over the shoulder or across the chest or back.
It is open.
Inside it you see a portable battlesuit refurbishment tool, a portable
battlesuit refurbishment tool, a portable battlesuit refurbishment tool, a
charge booster, a portable battlesuit refurbishment tool, a charge booster, a
satellite dish, a portable battlesuit refurbishment tool, a black filtration
mask lightly tinted with royal blue dragons, a hatch repair kit, a hatch repair
kit, an improved temporary wormhole drive, an improved temporary wormhole drive,
a salvaged temporary wormhole drive, a wrist-mounted chronometer, and a
secondary pilot command access unit.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
'oops, can we  hop over to Accord? I have no decoy beacons.
You say, "Oops, can we hop over to Accord? I have no decoy beacons."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Sure."
Lily Kaise grasps a large lever on the control board and pushes it slowly away
from her.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
Lily Kaise uses the ship's radio to ask flight control for launch clearance.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "William Dove, you have clearance to
launch. Good luck and come back to us safely."
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the FTL flight control board.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
A handful of lonely beacons watch over this area of space, their lights glowing
palely in the dark, surrounded by tendrils of drifting dust and debris.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeze lily
I don't understand that.
A planet once existed here, until it was destroyed by the Outsiders. Now only
large chunks of the planet remain, still drifting slowly away from each other,
with clouds of debris filling the sector.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
A circular space station dominates this sector, made of darkened metal
reinforced against attack. By the look of it, this is probably the most heavily
armored station in human space, excepting The Torus. This is the heart of the
Accord of Free Worlds.
Via general sector communication, Accord of Free Worlds Command transmits,
"Hello, William Dove. Welcome to Accord space."
move
AutoStar detects 2 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Space Stations:
[1] AFW Command (Dock One)              
[2] AFW Command (Dock Two)              
[3] AFW Command (Dock Three)            
[4] AFW Command (Dock Four)             
   Beacon Housings:
[5] Beacon ACC-01                       
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
4
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok I will give you the copy of the
letter I sent to Melinda. I said some things which are a bit revealing and I
hope you won't be angry with me."
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: AFW Command (Dock
Four).
A firmly rooted animal with dozens of smooth yellow tendrils slowly waves its
many tendrils.
Would you like to request docking clearance for AFW Command (Dock Four)?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I felt that melinda needed to know there
are two sides."
You notify flight control of your desire to dock.
'I doubt I will.
You say, "I doubt I will."
A voice says over the speaker, "Roger, cleared to land at this Accord of Free
Worlds port."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok."
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white
and sapphire star quilt on it.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I didn't mention your meeting though."
'ok
You say, "Ok."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "As I'm not supposed to know."
nod
You nod.
'be right back or are you coming with?
You ask, "Be right back or are you coming with?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok i'll be here..."
Lily Kaise grins.
'ok
You say, "Ok."
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Docking Bay Four]
The two-person tugboat "Chugging Along", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Modulator", the two-person tugboat "Space Rescue", the reconnaissance
craft "Beagle", the one-person flitter "Burnt", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Pioneer", the four-person Accord space module transport "Temp
Business", the four-person Accord space module transport "BH2 PBS", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Une Station De Plus Ou De Moins,
C'est Pas Grave", the four-person Accord space module transport "Building The
Dream", the four-person Accord space module transport "Rest In Pieces", the
two-person Accord space module scout "Profitable Cause", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Batteries Not Included", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Libertarians Station Transport Alpha", the four-person Accord
space module transport "This Much Fun Should Be Illegal", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Lastblock", the four-person Accord space module
transport "The Annexation Of Barnham's Redoubt", the two-person Accord space
module scout "Mini-stabilizer", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Trailblazer", the four-person Accord space module transport "Temp Station
Condensation", the four-person space constructor "Herding Cats", the four-person
space constructor "Starseeker's Beacon", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Building Capital", the two-person medium transport "I Didn't Bite The
Dog, But It Definitely Bit Me", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Just Dropping In", the four-person Accord space module transport "Joy Ride",
the four-person Accord space module transport "1st Stage Stabilizer", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Starseekers Spare Parts", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Segue", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Invaders Spare Parts", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Cats Spare Parts", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Construction Zone", the vostok-class capsule "Squirrel", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Cargo", and the five-person A.S.S. tactical platform
"William Dove" are landed here.
You can go northeast, southeast, and up.
u
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go northeast, southeast, west, up, and down.
u
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You can go northeast, southeast, west, up, and down.
peer
You peer around...
Ramp is to the northeast.
Ramp is to the southeast.
Command Ring is to the west.
Control Center is up.
Ramp is down.
ne
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You can go north, southeast, southwest, up, and down.
se
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You can go east, southwest, northwest, up, and down.
e
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Command Ring]
You can go north, south, and west.
w
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You can go east, southwest, northwest, up, and down.
d
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go east, southwest, northwest, up, and down.
e
[Accord of Free Worlds; Service Ring]
You can go north, south, and west.
n
[Accord of Free Worlds; Service Ring; Aftermarket Hardware]
You see an Accord research liaison here.
You can go south and northwest.
nw
[Accord of Free Worlds; Service Ring]
You can go southeast and west.
go equip
[Accord of Free Worlds; Service Ring; Equipment Requisitions]
You can go out.
buy 2
You order a decoy beacon.
buy 2
You order a decoy beacon.
put beacon in case
You can't put a decoy beacon in a black engineering tool case.
put beacon in briefcase
You put a decoy beacon in a leather briefcase.
put beacon in briefcase
You put a decoy beacon in a leather briefcase.
buy 2
You order a decoy beacon.
put beacon in briefcase
You put a decoy beacon in a leather briefcase.
put beacon in briefcase
You remove a decoy beacon launcher from a leather briefcase.
You put a decoy beacon launcher in a leather briefcase.
buy 2
You order a decoy beacon.
put beacon in case
You can't put a decoy beacon in a black engineering tool case.
put beacon in briefcase
You put a decoy beacon in a leather briefcase.
out
[Accord of Free Worlds; Service Ring]
You can go southeast and west.
s
You can't go that way.
w
[Accord of Free Worlds; Service Ring]
You can go east, south, and west.
nw
You can't go that way.
se
You can't go that way.
s
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go north, southeast, southwest, up, and down.
w
You can't go that way.
se
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go east, southwest, northwest, up, and down.
w
You can't go that way.
s
You can't go that way.
n
You can't go that way.
e
[Accord of Free Worlds; Service Ring]
You can go north, south, and west.
w
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go east, southwest, northwest, up, and down.
sw
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go northeast, south, northwest, up, and down.
peer d
You peer down...
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Docking Bay One]
This is a fully modern docking bay, made of the same sleek, slightly darkened
metal that the exterior of the station is made from. Brightly painted yellow
lines mark entry and exit paths for ships, and rows of dotted lines indicate
where ships may touch down. A series of electromagnetic manipulators prevent
atmosphere from escaping into space when the bay door is opened. The paint seems
rather worn here, as though Dock One tends to be preferred despite being
identical to the other three. A ramp leads up to the rest of the station.
The one-person marauder "Burn, Don't Freeze", the one-person fighter "Gambit",
the one-person cargo hauler "Current Mood", the one-person supply shuttle
"Shangri-la Terraform Group 179", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Building Blocks For Adults Are Way Underrated", the two-person Accord space
module scout "Up Up And Away!", the two-person tugboat "Stick And Go", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Shadowed Sunset", the one-person
cargo hauler "Expendable", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Hanging Ten", and the four-person mule "Falco Peregrinus" are landed here.
You can go northeast, northwest, and up.
nw
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Ramp]
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go northeast, southeast, west, up, and down.
peer d
You peer down...
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Docking Bay Four]
This is a fully modern docking bay, made of the same sleek, slightly darkened
metal that the exterior of the station is made from. Brightly painted yellow
lines mark entry and exit paths for ships, and rows of dotted lines indicate
where ships may touch down. A series of electromagnetic manipulators prevent
atmosphere from escaping into space when the bay door is opened. One of the EMMs
is emitting a steady hum, indicating that it should be replaced. A ramp leads up
to the rest of the station.
The two-person tugboat "Chugging Along", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Modulator", the two-person tugboat "Space Rescue", the reconnaissance
craft "Beagle", the one-person flitter "Burnt", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Pioneer", the four-person Accord space module transport "Temp
Business", the four-person Accord space module transport "BH2 PBS", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Une Station De Plus Ou De Moins,
C'est Pas Grave", the four-person Accord space module transport "Building The
Dream", the four-person Accord space module transport "Rest In Pieces", the
two-person Accord space module scout "Profitable Cause", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Batteries Not Included", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Libertarians Station Transport Alpha", the four-person Accord
space module transport "This Much Fun Should Be Illegal", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Lastblock", the four-person Accord space module
transport "The Annexation Of Barnham's Redoubt", the two-person Accord space
module scout "Mini-stabilizer", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Trailblazer", the four-person Accord space module transport "Temp Station
Condensation", the four-person space constructor "Herding Cats", the four-person
space constructor "Starseeker's Beacon", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Building Capital", the two-person medium transport "I Didn't Bite The
Dog, But It Definitely Bit Me", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Just Dropping In", the four-person Accord space module transport "Joy Ride",
the four-person Accord space module transport "1st Stage Stabilizer", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Starseekers Spare Parts", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Segue", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Invaders Spare Parts", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Cats Spare Parts", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Construction Zone", the vostok-class capsule "Squirrel", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Cargo", and the five-person A.S.S. tactical platform
"William Dove" are landed here.
You can go northeast, southeast, and up.
peer
You peer around...
Ramp is to the northeast.
Ramp is to the southeast.
Service Ring is to the west.
Ramp is up.
Docking Bay Four is down.
d
[Accord of Free Worlds Command; Docking Bay Four]
The two-person tugboat "Chugging Along", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Modulator", the two-person tugboat "Space Rescue", the reconnaissance
craft "Beagle", the one-person flitter "Burnt", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Pioneer", the four-person Accord space module transport "Temp
Business", the four-person Accord space module transport "BH2 PBS", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Une Station De Plus Ou De Moins,
C'est Pas Grave", the four-person Accord space module transport "Building The
Dream", the four-person Accord space module transport "Rest In Pieces", the
two-person Accord space module scout "Profitable Cause", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Batteries Not Included", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Libertarians Station Transport Alpha", the four-person Accord
space module transport "This Much Fun Should Be Illegal", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Lastblock", the four-person Accord space module
transport "The Annexation Of Barnham's Redoubt", the two-person Accord space
module scout "Mini-stabilizer", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Trailblazer", the four-person Accord space module transport "Temp Station
Condensation", the four-person space constructor "Herding Cats", the four-person
space constructor "Starseeker's Beacon", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Building Capital", the two-person medium transport "I Didn't Bite The
Dog, But It Definitely Bit Me", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Just Dropping In", the four-person Accord space module transport "Joy Ride",
the four-person Accord space module transport "1st Stage Stabilizer", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Starseekers Spare Parts", the
four-person Accord space module transport "Segue", the four-person Accord space
module transport "Invaders Spare Parts", the four-person Accord space module
transport "Cats Spare Parts", the four-person Accord space module transport
"Construction Zone", the vostok-class capsule "Squirrel", the four-person Accord
space module transport "Cargo", and the five-person A.S.S. tactical platform
"William Dove" are landed here.
You can go northeast, southeast, and up.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, an insulated
purple cooler, and a blue plastic food storage container here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go south and out.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
launch
You use the ship's radio to ask flight control for launch clearance.
Flight control gives the ship launch clearance.
sit couch
You're already sitting.
ftl new
The ship is already moving.
ftl new
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
A large semi-transparent spherical creature with long dangling tendrils and an
amber glowing interior drifts slowly past a small plastic statue of a shark.
move
New Earth rotates through space before you, a startingly verdant planet, colored
in greens and blues with pure white clouds.
AutoStar detects 3 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Planets:
[1] New Earth                           
   Space Stations:
[2] Space Station Alpha                 
   Space Markets:
[3] Space Market                        
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
1
Would you like to request landing clearance at New Earth?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
Via general sector communication, New Earth transmits, "Hello there, William
Dove! Welcome to home space!"
y
You notify flight control of your desire to land.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Hello, William Dove. We read your AEU
transponder. You are cleared to land at the city of New Phoenix."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
power
You pull a large lever towards you.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
hands
You are carrying nothing.
Prissy the big violet long-haired felo wanders in from the south.
Your ship 'William Dove' has been automatically moved into a garage.
pet prissy
You stroke the soft fur of Prissy the big violet long-haired felo.
Prissy the big violet long-haired felo purrs softly.
A large semi-transparent cylindrical creature with medium-length dangling
tendrils and a violet glowing interior drifts slowly across the tank.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
l letter
a letter [inside a leather briefcase]
This is a letter. It is addressed to Shule Elemmire, and was sent by Akemi
Bando.
close briefcase
You close a leather briefcase.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
Lily Kaise gives you a fine piece of paper with an official header reading "From
the founder of Space Explorers Amidst The Stars".
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok there's your copy."
'Thanks
You say, "Thanks."
read letter
Read what?
read paper
--
Dear Melinda,
Regarding vassalization with Starseekers and continuing to contribute to
temporary space stations on behalf of SEAS, I performed some additional analysis
of what SEAS ongoing megacredit obligation to Starseekers would be. Earlier I
did point out to you that since Starseekers provides the majority of power
plants, that as you know, this is a rather expensive part of the construction of
all temporary space stations involved. Additionally, Starseekers runs their
passive Scooping station along with other ad hoc projects. In consideration of
this, the This is a bit concerning to me as SEAS currently only earns
approximately 65 megacredits per month and Starseekers megacredit expenditures
can easily exceed 300 megacredits per month. The minimum contribution I can
offer through vassalization is 25 percent. Therefore, since SEAS has no control
over Starseekers purchases and the share SEAS contribution is automatically
withdrawn, I don't believe that SEAS will be ready to offer a business
investment of vassalization until there is a more positive balance in SEAS
megacredit balance. In lieu of this, I hope that you can still continue to work
with SEAS until we have a few hundred Megacredits on hand which would provide
enough to support the megacredits sufficient enough for a few months until SEAS
earns megacredits at a higher rate.
When SEAS reaches 100 Command, I will put up a passive scooping station which
will yield two megacredits per day. I determined that by using a solar powered
Basic Passive Scoop, that it would last long enough to yield extra megacredit
income to aid in accruing an increase towards its balance of megacredits for
SEAS. So in short, after further analysis, I don't believe that SEAS is ready to
vassalize with Starseekers at this time nor will be able to for until it has
about 500 megacredits available.
I have another concern which is Kim's harsh and rude nature. I know I have
expressed to you my concern before and you do remember her attitude when I
unfortunately lost Starseekers Tier 1 Gunship. She is very over bearing at times
and often makes rather condescending statements without asking questions to
ascertain the facts as she assumes the negative. She has often upset Shule to
the point where he has expressed his concern about remaining with Starseekers as
she has been excessively harsh which is not productive. I realize that
vassalization is a business relationship and you don't need to be the best of
friends or even amicable business partners since all of the transactions are
automatic and do not involve much interpersonal interaction. However, there does
need to be a reasonable level of trust on the part of the lower qualified
organization since the thane has the power to effect spending. When Jonathan
Gray purchased his personal mainframe and related modules, Kim was totally
unaware until it was pointed out to her. Additionally, yu may be aware of the
issue with Angel's purchase of a Gemini for her own use and which she abandoned
in the bubble. Now when properly configured with even minimum upgrades, that's
not an inexpensive ship. Obviously, an expenditure such as this would not affect
SEAS since it's paid for via Starseekers own credits and megacredits are not
applied. Still, it goes without saying that Kim does not seem to observe how her
trustees utilize the organizations resources. I trust Shule but even though I
think Angel may not remain as a trustee, who knows whom sles Kim could appoint
to replace Angel and there are a few in Starseekers whose intentions and/or
judgement calls I to be concerning. I know that Demarco is vying for a trustee
role but he has alreay shown rather severe tendencies of poor judgement. Others
in the organization whom she might appoint may be fine but their lack of
experience could lead to more than a few accidental and expensive module
purchases which could greatly deplete SEAS available megacredit balance. In most
cases, SEAS could absorb this but until SEAS has the ability to convert credits
to megacredits, then SEAS resources could decline rapidly to the point whereby
vassalization no longer works and SEAS can no longer earn megacredit income in
this manner.
Regarding Kim's attitude, during my attempt to travel to the Aquarium, Kim was
incredibly nasty and rude to me concerning our return. I wrote to her prior to
the trip and informed her that we might not return until September 5th or 6th or
even later. She did write back when she committed to joining us that she
preferred to return on september 4th. However she was already aware of the terms
and she had ample opportunity to decline to join. About the third day of the
trip, she started demanding that we had to return by September 4th and accused
me of not being considerate of her and was incredibly nasty and disrespectful.
She also was insistent and controlling of Shule while he relieved me after I had
been navigating our return for hours when she slept. She kept insisting on how
he should deviate from his navigation technique which was to incramentally
change his heading to accomodate gaining on the XL NDB. Shule was making good
progress as was I prior to his taking over. So just to appease her, Shule
performed the navigation Kim's way and we lost ground. Shule knew all along that
her method wasn't viable but he wanted to show her by doing so that her method
was not workable. She vagueley acknowledged this without even so much as a
thanks to Shule for showing her what did work. I can't tell you in words how in
private, Shule expressed his anger to me as she was so rude and disrespectful
towards him. I can tell you that with her attitude, that Nissi would likely have
sent her home in an escape pod or too, I doubt that Kim would be as
disrespectful towards Nissi or you but somehow she believes that she is entitled
to behave towards her own Alliance in this manner when she should be mature
enough to be more supportive. We are not individually to blame for our
government's actions and she has no right to judge us less she judge her own
involvement or lack thereof. We do the best we can with what we have but I can
tell you that if I could still chart we were within range of the earth chart and
I could have gotten us back just fine. At any rate, I have done a lot for kim in
that on our first short trip, we found six planets and received compensation for
space images. During this other trip, although we didn't find the Aquarium, we
discovered three planets and we stopped off in an artifacting area as I felt
that we might as well take a day to realize something profitable. Shule and I
found around 22 artifacts each yet Kim found over 30 to her advantage on my
behalf of course! Since Kim has not been able to make a friend to go to GMG with
and has not been able to join many other expeditions, you would think that she
would at least be grateful and would realize that any expedition is open-ended
in terms of how long it will be in duration. That one needs to be flexible
enough to go with the direction of the captain. That some of the main deciding
factors is available charge and the well-being of the crew. Of course there are
other factors which you well know. My point being here that Kim's being rigid
and selfish of the crew is not acceptable and she will likely not be as popular
on future crew lists if she continues to behave in this manner. Of course if
there is a next time that she is aboard my ship and she behaves this way, there
is a means to send her packing in an escape pod without jeopardizing the rest of
the crew and my ship, she will be thusly dispatched. It goes without saying too,
that Kim was exceedingly rude towards Shule and me on Pierre's trip to the
Aquarium. We attempted to teach her about the Jib and the Mizzen which she
totally didn't grasp and argued with us about. Thankfully, Akemi finally got
through to her and Kim rudely made a statement concerning how Akemi had helped
her and did in such a manner as to make an effort to discount Shule and myself
without any grattitude whatsoever. We're glad that Akemi was understood by Kim
though and she seemed to have some grasp of the Jib after a point. Kim made
other rude and unnecessary statements to Shule and I on more than one instance
during Pierre's trip as well.
It goes without saying anything further, that i do have reservations concerning
an offer to commit SEAS resources to Starseekers without any control whatsoever
over how Starseekers spending behavior is. I was certainly willing to do so
though in hopes that both of our organizations would benefit as receiving a 25
percent dividend is not a small matter. Shule told me that he often has to
convert credits to megacredits so at least SEAS 25 percent might ease some of
that burden. I just would feel more comfortable if Kim would keep a better watch
over her organization's financial activities and/or at least be specific to her
trustees about policy concerning those matters. If Jonathan Gray is ever a
trustee of Starseekers again, I wouldn't trust him not to go behind Kim's back
and purchase for his own personal interests again which could impact SEAS
severely. So when SEAS is ready to offer vassalization to Starseekers, if I
observe eratic spending which is too costly for SEAS to bear, I hope that if
SEAS has to withdraw their vassalization, that you will allow SEAS to continue
to work with you to support Temporary Space stations. With Kim's attitude too,
I'd far rather deal with Ather albeit I doubt that he would ever consider
allowing anyone to offer vassalization to Space Invaders. I can tolerate Kim's
nasty attitude as one has to do so in many business arrangements. One realizes
that interpersonal differences are not the reason for working together to grow
income and to provide benefits to others than oneself.
SEAS would like to grow and develop amembership base. As you know though, it
will be limited in that regard. The profits SEAS will earn though will not be
for my own gain but my intentions, as I mentioned before, will be to act as a
fund-raising organization for pilot supported projects in conjunction with the
AEU Government to benefit AEU citizens and other pilots across all alliances. As
you know I have personally donated billions to help other pilots in need which I
will continue to do. Supporting our other pilots across all alliances through
providing temporary space stations so that they can perform their work without
as much taxation is obviously at the core. I have contributed personal funds but
those are not earmarked for my own use now that they are within the organization
itself.
I look forward to continuing to work with you on behalf of Space Explorers
Amidst the Stars.
Warmest regards
Lily Kaise
--
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Shule, gonna dump this debris and turn
in missions and I'll be there."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Sure as I felt you should know what I
said."
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator beeps quietly, indicating that it
has unread notices.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Red Tape Is No Joke". The organization has earned 1,040,763.49
credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person emergency response
vessel "Whiskey In The Jar". The organization has earned 568,191.98 credits and
2 megacredits.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Woo like that shpname."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Which one?"
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Ship name too."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "My emergency response
vessel."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Whiskey in a jar."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Shule, I'm on the way."
tra org Ok, Morris.
[Starseekers] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Ok, Morris."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Aha."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Whiskey In The Jar,
actually."
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white
and sapphire star quilt on it.
put paper in briefcase
You open a leather briefcase for a moment.
You put a fine piece of paper with an official header reading "From the founder
of Space Explorers Amidst The Stars" in a leather briefcase.
-lily Thanks for sharing that with me.
You say to Lily, "Thanks for sharing that with me."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Is old song."
'Come on. Morris is on his way.
You say, "Come on. Morris is on his way."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yup it is."
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
hold lily
You hold Lily Kaise's hand, taking her into your group.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made
white and sapphire star quilt on it.
'Morris is on his way
You say, "Morris is on his way."
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
Lily Kaise followed you.
out
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
Lily Kaise followed you.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm in the lounge."
go lounge
[New Earth; Pilot Lounge]
You see a semi-circular bar, a public holovid, a brightly-lit candy vending
machine, and a shiny chrome trash bin here.
Morris Corlew is standing here.
You can go out.
Lily Kaise followed you.
'me too
You say, "Me too."
Morris Corlew chuckles.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "You weren't when I said it."
Lily Kaise waves to Morris Corlew.
hold morris
You hold Morris Corlew's hand, taking him into your group.
Morris Corlew waves to Lily Kaise.
laugh 'i know.
You laugh. "I know."
Lily Kaise orders a hot cup of espresso.
Lily Kaise orders a flaky iced pastry with chocolate cream filling.
-morris Did you want to fly?
You say to Morris, "Did you want to fly?"
Morris Corlew orders a bottle of sparkling water flavored with natural banana
juice.
Morris Corlew looks at you and shrugs. "Doesn't matter. I can eng too. Whatever
you need."
Morris Corlew pats an advanced quickpatch lightly.
Lily Kaise gives Morris Corlew a thumbs up!
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I almost have what I need for the
expert."
-morris Go ahead and fly.
You say to Morris, "Go ahead and fly."
go stairs
Go where?
go stair
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Just a few quickpatches and energy
storage."
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
Lily Kaise and Morris Corlew followed you.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Replicators I mean."
Morris Corlew nods to you. "Ok."
enter firestorm
[Starship "Firestorm"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
Lily Kaise and Morris Corlew followed you.
enter firestorm
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
You can go south, up, and out.
Lily Kaise and Morris Corlew followed you.
Morris Corlew sits down on a black leather captain's chair.
disband
You disband your group.
Morris Corlew grasps a large lever on the control board and pushes it slowly
away from him.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
Morris Corlew uses the ship's radio to ask flight control for launch clearance.
Lily Kaise glides south.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Firestorm, you have clearance to
launch. Good luck and come back to us safely."
u
[Starship "Firestorm"; Weapons Room]
You see a swiveling dark gray leather gunner's chair here.
You can go down.
sit chair
You sit down on a swiveling dark gray leather gunner's chair.
pa Morris, lead us to victory.
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Anybody got
beacons?"
payep
I don't understand that.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I really should
carry a couple."
pa yep
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yup."
You speak into the microphone.
peer d
You peer down...
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
The control room is the hub of every starship. Large metal conduits protect
thick bundles of wires carrying information from every part of the ship to this
one location. A large transparisteel viewport provides a view out the front of
the ship, but experienced pilots in space will have eyes only for the large
starmap dominating the right side of the room. Standing before the viewport is
the main control board, providing essential functions like the shipwide power
lever and alert status. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded
back to provide a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as
needed. Though the room is spacious enough for a few others to sit or stand, the
entire architecture of the room is built around the small space before the
control board and the person who will stand there: the starship's pilot. Lights
overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the windows,
you see that the ship is in space.
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
Morris Corlew is sitting on a black leather captain's chair.
You can go south, up, and out.
d
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Wanna come drop a
couple in the launcer?"
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
Morris Corlew is sitting on a black leather captain's chair.
You can go south, up, and out.
Morris Corlew makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Morris Corlew glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
open briefcase
You open a leather briefcase.
take eacon
I see no "eacon" here.
take last beacon
You can't take a decoy beacon launcher.
take beacon
You can't take a decoy beacon launcher.
take beacon from briefcase
You remove a decoy beacon from a leather briefcase.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits,
"Greetings. There are currently no active decoy beacons in surrounding sectors."
load beacon
You load a decoy beacon into a decoy beacon launcher.
take beacon from briefcase
You remove a decoy beacon from a leather briefcase.
load beacon
You load a decoy beacon into a decoy beacon launcher.
'there we go
You say, "There we go."
u
[Starship "Firestorm"; Weapons Room]
You see a swiveling dark gray leather gunner's chair here.
You can go down.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Thanks."
The starship transitions into another sector.
pa No problem.
You speak into the microphone.
ships
Starships In Sector:
RATS Reaper Beta-2219683................(18, 6, 17)
RATS Reaper Upsilon-0776902.............(10, 16, 20)
RATS Reaper Lambda-3659072..............(16, 5, 14)
RATS Reaper Zeta-6380489................(7, 11, 13)
RATS Reaper Gamma-3476484...............(9, 3, 14)
RATS Reaper Phi-9454603.................(2, 3, 20)
RATS Reaper Omega-4206204...............(3, 6, 8)
RATS Reaper Nu-0788968..................(12, 16, 2)
RATS Reaper Rho-1896414.................(18, 1, 1)
The starship transitions into another sector.
pa Hi  RATS!
You speak into the microphone.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Bye, rats."
pa Bye RATS
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Heh."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "High out."
pa cool cool
You speak into the microphone.
pa Let's see if I remember how to gun.
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ha!"
eta
I don't understand that.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
lag
There is minimal processing lag at the moment.
There is no significant network lag at the moment.
/d
/w
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I think I hopefully
know what these tools do?"
pa heh
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Heh, heh, heh."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oh yeah my ductape."
pa party time.
You speak into the microphone.
ships
Starships In Sector:
Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta.................(18, 8, 2)
Fighter Lambda Phi Chi..................(13, 5, 12)
Fighter Omega Nu Delta..................(17, 15, 17)
Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda...............(11, 16, 15)
Fighter Theta Omicron Mu................(19, 19, 17)
Corvette Omega Delta Zeta...............(2, 1, 8)
Escort Beta Zzormui.....................(8, 4, 20)
A loud klaxon sounds and red lights flash overhead as the ship enters red alert.
You hear a low hum as the ship's weapons are powered up.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "You'd better
remember how to use those tools. I can fly, but I do get hit."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Was this a HIgh or
Standard?"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "High."
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
the enkidu "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta" now being tracked..
TTA: North and Down contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta
Zeta"
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo."
/wf
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The deck jumps underneath your feet as a torpedo explodes against the hull.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Corvette Omega Delta Zeta.'"
TTA: Northwest and Down contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta
Zeta"
tar
Northwest and Down
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
This weapon room's damage is boosted for the next 60 seconds.
/qf
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: West contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/a
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
grid
Wait 2 seconds.
grid
Wait 1 seconds.
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
grid
623 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
/ar
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
grid
Wait 2 seconds.
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
grid
312 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
TTA: Southeast contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/c
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
A number of coherent beams of weaponized light flash by the window as the
starship shudders under laser fire.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Corvette Omega Delta Zeta.'"
The deck jumps underneath your feet as a torpedo explodes against the hull.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Corvette Omega Delta Zeta.'"
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
tar
East
/d
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 3 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
You hear energy crackle over the hull of the ship as the engineer projects a
mild electromagnetic shield to reduce damage from laser weapons.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ouch."
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/w
TTA: West contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/a
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 5 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
tar
South and Up
/xr
tar
South and Up
tar
South and Up
TTA: South contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/x
al
y
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: East and Down contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/df
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 202.
la
n
Aborted.
tar
East and Down
ldf
I don't understand that.
/df
tar
East and Down
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/d
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
This weapon room's damage is boosted for the next 60 seconds.
TTA: East and Down contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
tar
East and Down
/df
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "This guy is bonch."
Lost track of Corvette Omega Delta Zeta.
tar
East and Down
the enkidu "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta" now being tracked..
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/d
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: Northeast and Down contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta
Zeta"
The computer announces, "Lock lost."
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
/wf
A number of coherent beams of weaponized light flash by the window as the
starship shudders under laser fire.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Corvette Omega Delta Zeta.'"
/wd
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
Northeast and Down
TTA: Down contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/ef
Wait 1 seconds.
/f
la
y
You must wait between shots.
I don't understand that.
The computer announces, "Coordinates now occupied by this ship.  Emergency
abort."
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ouch lost turret 12."
tar
Down
TTA: South contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Damn."
/f
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Tried to save it."
pa She has turrets to spare.
You speak into the microphone.
tar
South
TTA: West contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
/a
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta"
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yup."
/w
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Corvette Omega Delta Zeta.
The computer reports that the enkidu "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta" has launched a
rescue pod.
Target: Debris/Asteroid
the adapa "Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta" now being tracked..
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 184.
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta"
/dr
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
grid
232 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
TTA: Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta"
/r
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 7 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: Southwest contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta"
/z
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 3 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: South contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta"
/x
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 6 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a glancing hit."
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta"
grid
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 285.
521 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
/d
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta" has launched a
rescue pod.
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a critical hit."
the executioner-class escort "Escort Beta Zzormui" now being tracked..
tar
none
Lost track of Escort Beta Zzormui.
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
the adapa "Fighter Lambda Phi Chi" now being tracked..
TTA: Southwest and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Lambda Phi Chi"
/zr
al
I don't understand that.
y
I don't understand that.
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Sorry about that."
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
pa No wories
You speak into the microphone.
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
Southwest and Up
TTA: South contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Lambda Phi Chi"
tar
South
/x
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 5 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: Down contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Lambda Phi Chi"
/f
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
TTA: West contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Lambda Phi Chi"
tar
West
/a
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 5 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
grid
75 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
pa Bit low on grid, Morris.
You speak into the microphone.
pa So, just hang in there.
You speak into the microphone.
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Lambda Phi Chi"
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 210.
/w
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Copy that."
TTA: Northeast and Down contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Lambda Phi
Chi"
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Lambda Phi Chi.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Lambda Phi Chi" has launched a
rescue pod.
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
the executioner-class escort "Escort Beta Zzormui" now being tracked..
TTA: North and Down contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
tar
North and Down
/wf
la
TTA: West and Down contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
West and Down
/af
Wait 1 seconds.
/af
tar
West and Down
/af
TTA: West contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/a
al
y
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
TTA: Up contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
Up
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
This weapon room's damage is boosted for the next 60 seconds.
/r
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 10 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The computer announces, "Lock lost."
grid
85 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
Lost track of Escort Beta Zzormui.
ships
Starships In Sector:
Escort Beta Zzormui.....................(9, 1, 6)
Fighter Omega Nu Delta..................(10, 4, 6)
Fighter Theta Omicron Mu................(10, 5, 6)
Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda...............(10, 6, 6)
the adapa "Fighter Omega Nu Delta" now being tracked..
You hear the strange sizzling noise of laser fire on the hull.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Escort
Beta Zzormui.' It was a glancing hit."
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Omega Nu Delta"
tar
North
/w
TTA: Northwest and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Omega Nu Delta"
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 8 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 175.
tar
Northwest and Up
/qr
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Omega Nu Delta"
/ar
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Omega Nu Delta"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Dammit."
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
/w
la
You must wait between shots.
y
I don't understand that.
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 10 turrets will
be fired.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "No big."
The computer announces, "The gunner has temporarily reduced the enemy's weapon
effectiveness."
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: Northeast contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Omega Nu Delta"
tar
Northeast
/e
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 4 turrets will
be fired.
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Omega Nu Delta"
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
East
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Omega Nu Delta.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Omega Nu Delta" has launched a
rescue pod.
the executioner-class escort "Escort Beta Zzormui" now being tracked..
TTA: Northeast contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
tar
Northeast
/e
grid
166 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
TTA: Northeast and Up contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
tar
Northeast and Up
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
tar
East and Up
/dr
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 8 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: East contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/d
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 10 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: South and Down contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 250.
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
/xf
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 10 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: East and Down contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/df
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: Northeast contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/wr
al
y
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
lay
I don't understand that.
TTA: Northwest contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 7 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
Northwest
/q
Lost track of Escort Beta Zzormui.
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
This weapon room's damage is boosted for the next 60 seconds.
grid
140 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
the executioner-class escort "Escort Beta Zzormui" now being tracked..
tar
Northwest
/q
TTA: West contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/a
TTA: South and Down contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/xf
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 9 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: East contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
tar
East
/d
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 3 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 178.
Lost track of Escort Beta Zzormui.
tar
North and Up
grid
377 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
tar
North and Up
the executioner-class escort "Escort Beta Zzormui" now being tracked..
TTA: Southwest and Up contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/zr
al
y
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
la
y
Lost track of Escort Beta Zzormui.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
Southwest and Up
grid
815 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
the executioner-class escort "Escort Beta Zzormui" now being tracked..
TTA: South contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
TTA: Down contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/x
tar
Down
/f
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
Down
/f
/d
/a
TTA: Northwest contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/q
la
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "He's jumping all
over the place."
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 108.
pa They do that
You speak into the microphone.
TTA: West contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/a
la
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
West
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yep."
TTA: West contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/a
la
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Irritating though."
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
This weapon room's damage is boosted for the next 60 seconds.
tar
West
TTA: South contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
/x
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
South
/x
tar
South
TTA: South contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
/x
la
y
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider destroyer "Escort Beta Zzormui"
(4 seconds roundtime.)
/dr
la
You must wait between shots.
y
I don't understand that.
Lost track of Escort Beta Zzormui.
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
The computer reports that the executioner-class escort "Escort Beta Zzormui" has
launched a rescue pod.
the adapa "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu" now being tracked..
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo!"
TTA: Southeast contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu"
/c
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
grid
876 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu"
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
East
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu"
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 8 turrets will
be fired.
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a critical hit."
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
North
/w
grid
70 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 278.
ships
Starships In Sector:
Fighter Theta Omicron Mu................(10, 6, 8)
Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda...............(10, 4, 6)
/w
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
TTA: Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu"
/r
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The computer announces, "Lock lost."
tar
Up
tar
Up
TTA: Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu"
/r
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
This weapon room's damage is boosted for the next 60 seconds.
A number of coherent beams of weaponized light flash by the window as the
starship shudders under laser fire.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Fighter Theta Omicron Mu.'"
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 4 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
tar
Up
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Drat."
TTA: Southwest contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu"
/z
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Theta Omicron Mu.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu" has launched a
rescue pod.
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
tar
none
ships
Starships In Sector:
Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda...............(10, 4, 6)
the adapa "Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda" now being tracked..
TTA: Down contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda"
/f
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Just very minor hits
except tht one turret."
grid
386 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
A display indicates that your combat energy supply has increased by 166.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "That's good."
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda"
tar
East
/d
la
y
(4 seconds roundtime.)
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Sure is!"
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 2 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a glancing hit."
grid
Wait 1 seconds.
TTA: South contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda"
/x
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 3 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
The computer announces, "The gunner has caused the enemy's intrasector drive to
seize."
tar
South
grid
117 out of 1155 combat energy grid remaining.
TTA: West contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda"
/a
la
y
WARNING: Insufficient combat energy grid for a full volley. Only 4 turrets will
be fired.
(4 seconds roundtime.)
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda" has launched a
rescue pod.
You earn 5,000,000.00 AEU credits for a successful beacon drop, plus a kill
bonus of 2,625,000.00 AEU credits.
You earn a bonus of 2,986,458.33 AEU credits for submitting information to a
battle analysis scanner on a temporary space station.
381,250.00 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has gained 6,845,231.11 credits
for a submission from a battle analysis scanner on AEU Battle-Scanning Nuclear
Temporary Station involving the three-person clipper "Firestorm".
You hear a single beep and glance up to see green lights flick on overhead as
the ship enters normal status.
A low hum you had barely noticed until now slowly fades away as weapons are
powered down.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo!"
pa Nice work.
You speak into the microphone.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Nice one!"
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Just the one turret
gone."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Going for repairs."
[General Communication] Keegan Wantz transmits, "Thank you muchly, Firestorm."
pa Ok.
You speak into the microphone.
The starship transitions into another sector.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "You're welcome muchly."
pa heh
You speak into the microphone.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ah well my org
appreciates it that I gave them my points."
The starship transitions into another sector.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Hah."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Nothing from the BAS
though.pa Ah well my org appreciates it that I gave them my points."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I'll get your reps
if you'll let me back in once I'm done."
pa ok
You speak into the microphone.
You are credited with 2,836,235.14 EAOS credits of bounty.
141,811.76 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
unlock firestorm
Starship "Firestorm" unlocked.
d
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
You can go south, up, and out.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Morris Corlew just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Don't forget the
debris."
lock firestorm
Starship "Firestorm" locked.
u
[Starship "Firestorm"; Weapons Room]
You see a swiveling dark gray leather gunner's chair here.
You can go down.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I didn't salvage."
You hear hammering and the chatter of technicians outside as the spaceport
repairs the starship.
d
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
Morris Corlew is standing here.
You can go south, up, and out.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I see some in here though. We'll
run through Orion."
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person emergency response
vessel "Whiskey In The Jar". The organization has earned 990,430.38 credits.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oh weird there's debris
in storage silly Shule!"
grin
You grin.
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "I know. We'll run through Orion."
You hear hammering and the chatter of technicians outside as the spaceport
repairs the starship.
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "Feed the Beast."
Morris Corlew mosies south.
pa Yeah, silly me
You hear hammering and the chatter of technicians outside as the spaceport
repairs the starship.
You speak into the microphone.
s
[Starship "Firestorm"; Engineering Room]
You see a large leather chair, an improved temporary wormhole drive, and an
improved temporary wormhole drive here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a large leather chair.
You can go north and down.
d
[Starship "Firestorm"; Storage Room]
You see fourteen of a part of a ship-to-ship chain, four of a hydraulic
assembly, fifty-two of an unidentifiable starship component, fifty of an
interior panel, fifty-four of an intact hull plate, seven of a landing gear
strut, seven of a fractured processing unit, three of a portion of a wormhole
drive, an alien piston assembly, some starship debris, some starship debris,
some starship debris, and some starship debris here.
Morris Corlew is standing here.
You can go up.
Morris Corlew mosies up.
u
[Starship "Firestorm"; Engineering Room]
You see a large leather chair, an improved temporary wormhole drive, and an
improved temporary wormhole drive here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a large leather chair. Morris Corlew is standing here.
You can go north and down.
Morris Corlew mosies north.
You hear hammering and the chatter of technicians outside as the spaceport
repairs the starship.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Vast Hope". The organization has earned 608,889.67 credits.
You begin familiarizing yourself with the engineering stations and making
various changes to your liking.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Let me know when
we're clear?"
The damage control computer reports, "Repair of light turret #12 has been
completed by the spaceport."
The damage control computer reports, "All spaceport repairs have been
completed."
-lily Want to gun for this one?
You say to Lily, "Want to gun for this one?"
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "Now we are."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Thanks."
Lily Kaise says into the PA microphone, "Sure thing."
-lily Mind if i play with the duct tape?
You say to Lily, "Mind if I play with the duct tape?"
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "So do you want to gun again? You did
awesomely as per usual."
Lily Kaise grins.
With everything arranged, you settle into the damage control station.
grin 'I was actually offering to let you gun.
You grin. "I was actually offering to let you gun."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ah ok then."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I hope I won't embarras us."
Lily Kaise laughs.
'Nah, you wn't.
You say, "Nah, you wn't."
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
Lily Kaise puts down a hot cup of espresso.
Lily Kaise carefully removes a Tardick lizard named Asteria from her shoulder.
Lily Kaise gives you a Tardick lizard named Asteria.
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise picks up a hot cup of espresso.
wear asteria
You settle a Tardick lizard named Asteria on your shoulder, its tail curled
loosely around you.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
'That the engineer's mantel?
You ask, "That the engineer's mantel?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yup it is."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "For good luck!"
smile
You smile.
sit chair
You sit down on a large leather chair.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "We doing another?"
pa Yep
You speak into the microphone.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok upstairs I go."
Lily Kaise stands up from a large leather chair.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
rd
The Torus (EAOS) [Human Interalliance Space] (Security: Alpha-1)
Coordinate rundown:
Starships: Firestorm (T) at (6, 11, 1)
Space Stations: (8, 11, 16), (10, 13, 16), (6, 13, 16), (8, 15, 16), (7, 11,
16), (9, 11, 16), (6, 12, 16), (10, 12, 16), (6, 14, 16), (10, 14, 16), (7, 15,
16), (9, 15, 16)
Space Markets: (3, 17, 12)
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "All right."
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
Lily Kaise glides north.
cuddle lily
I don't see that here.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Let's see if the
rats are still over there west of the BAS."
The starship transitions into another sector.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "High out."
pa cool
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Shule?"
pa Yeah?
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew mosies in from the north.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Lily fell asleep up there."
Morris Corlew mosies north.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "So what is everyone up to?"
pa Oh, she'll hopefully wake up soon.
You speak into the microphone.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "At the bubble."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Never mind."
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "I hope it doesn't pop!"
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Not much. Feeling lazy."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I'm all here I think."
tra gen Doing a beacon drop.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Doing a beacon drop."
rd
Uncharted Sector (EAOS) [Human Interalliance Space] (Security: Gamma-1)
Coordinate rundown:
Starships: Fighter Iota Epsilon Lambda (F) at (2, 3, 8), Fighter Mu Zeta Epsilon
(F) at (8, 3, 16), Corvette Omega Iota Delta (S) at (6, 6, 14), Corvette Omega
Lambda Eta (S) at (15, 2, 18), Fighter Mu Kappa Beta (S) at (11, 7, 14), Fighter
Gamma Upsilon Rho (S) at (5, 6, 6), Fighter Rho Upsilon Theta (F) at (9, 3, 12),
and Firestorm (T) at (16, 11, 16)
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Well, sometimes laziness is
needed, but only if you've worked hard somewhere else during the week."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Damn chains."
pa Yeah, they are annoying.
You speak into the microphone.
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "I just completed two
missions."
A loud klaxon sounds and red lights flash overhead as the ship enters red alert.
You hear a low hum as the ship's weapons are powered up.
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Salvaging, that is."
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Which type, Karasi?"
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Oh, sweet! THe only type...am I
right?"
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon chuckles.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Rho Upsilon Theta" has launched a
rescue pod.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person emergency response
vessel "Whiskey In The Jar". The organization has earned 334,268.34 credits.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Corvette Omega Iota Delta.'"
damage
Starship Damage:
Wormhole Drive: 6%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
repair ftl
You input a series of commands on the damage control computer, entering repair
orders for the wormhole drive.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The damage control computer reports, "Beginning repair of the wormhole drive."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on your
shoulder.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We're so
close to reaching both performance goals! Keep going!"
The damage control computer reports, "Repair of the wormhole drive has been
completed."
damage
Starship Damage:
No damaged components.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "No grid."
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Copy that."
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have fifteen uses left.
pa Sorry
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "No worries."
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    800/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    957/1155
--
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Just means I move
till you have grid is all."
pa She has grid.
You speak into the microphone.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    810/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    925/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    1007/1155
--
A number of coherent beams of weaponized light flash by the window as the
starship shudders under laser fire.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Fighter Mu Kappa Beta.'"
use laser
You prepare to use a laser resistance boost.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
You hear energy crackle over the hull of the ship as the engineer projects a
mild electromagnetic shield to reduce damage from laser weapons.
A laser resistance boost appears to have fifty-seven uses left.
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 85%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
repair laser 6
You input a series of commands on the damage control computer, entering repair
orders for light turret #6.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The damage control computer reports, "Beginning repair of light turret #6."
use quick
You prepare to use an expert quickpatch.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Use that on which component?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
laser 6
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
An expert quickpatch appears to have four uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    969/1155
--
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 71%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
The computer announces, "The gunner has temporarily reduced the enemy's weapon
effectiveness."
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 30 seconds.
use laser
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 3 seconds.
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 67%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 15 seconds.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 10 seconds.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 7 seconds.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 3 seconds.
use quick
You prepare to use an expert quickpatch.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Use that on which component?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
laser 6
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
An expert quickpatch appears to have three uses left.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 51%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    846/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    466/1155
--
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have fourteen uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    792/1155
--
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 48%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    887/1155
--
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    996/1155
--
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    718/1155
--
use quick
You prepare to use an expert quickpatch.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Use that on which component?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
laser 6
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
An expert quickpatch appears to have two uses left.
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 29%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    962/1155
--
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a glancing hit."
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    726/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    428/1155
--
The computer reports that the enkidu "Corvette Omega Iota Delta" has launched a
rescue pod.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have thirteen uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    783/1155
--
use quick
You cannot use any special abilities on the starship for another 1 seconds.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 6 seconds.
use quick
You prepare to use an expert quickpatch.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Use that on which component?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
laser 6
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
An expert quickpatch appears to have one use left.
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a critical hit."
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 12%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    447/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 13 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 11 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 8 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 5 seconds.
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a glancing hit."
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 3 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have twelve uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    330/1155
--
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 49 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 28 seconds.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
The damage control computer reports, "Repair of light turret #6 has been
completed."
rid
I don't understand that.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    173/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 17 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 10 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 6 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 4 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have eleven uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    656/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    191/1155
--
damage
Starship Damage:
No damaged components.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
damage
Starship Damage:
No damaged components.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    320/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 6 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 3 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 1 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have ten uses left.
dump
I don't understand that.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    526/1155
--
rd
Uncharted Sector (EAOS) [Human Interalliance Space] (Security: Gamma-1)
Coordinate rundown:
Starships: Corvette Omega Lambda Eta (S) at (11, 8, 12), Fighter Gamma Upsilon
Rho (S) at (13, 7, 13), Firestorm (T) at (14, 7, 13), Fighter Iota Epsilon
Lambda (F) at (10, 7, 13), Fighter Mu Zeta Epsilon (F) at (10, 8, 13), and
Fighter Mu Kappa Beta (S) at (13, 6, 13)
Debris: (11, 5, 12), (11, 9, 14)
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    154/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 27 seconds.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    245/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 20 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 11 seconds.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around your neck.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 7 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 3 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 1 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
grid
An expert energy dump appears to have nine uses left.
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    836/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    849/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    463/1155
--
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have eight uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    890/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    661/1155
--
The computer reports that the ninlil "Fighter Gamma Upsilon Rho" has launched a
rescue pod.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 32 seconds.
grid
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Finally."
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    407/1155
--
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo."
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    212/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 4 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 1 seconds.
A number of coherent beams of weaponized light flash by the window as the
starship shudders under laser fire.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Fighter Mu Kappa Beta.'"
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
damage
Wait 1 seconds.
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have seven uses left.
damage
Starship Damage:
Wormhole Drive: 73%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "He never locked on
me."
grepair ftl
I don't understand that.
repair ftl
You input a series of commands on the damage control computer, entering repair
orders for the wormhole drive.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The damage control computer reports, "Beginning repair of the wormhole drive."
use quick
You prepare to use an expert quickpatch.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Use that on which component?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
ftl
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
An expert quickpatch has been used up!
damage
Starship Damage:
Wormhole Drive: 67%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
gri
You grin.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    456/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 10 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 7 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 4 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 2 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have six uses left.
damage
Starship Damage:
Wormhole Drive: 61%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
use quick
You cannot use any special abilities on the starship for another 1 seconds.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 4 seconds.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 1 seconds.
use quick
You prepare to use an expert quickpatch.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Use that on which component?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
ftl
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
An expert quickpatch appears to have nineteen uses left.
damage
Starship Damage:
Wormhole Drive: 52%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    460/1155
--
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 20 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 16 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 10 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 5 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 2 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have five uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    645/1155
--
use 
Use what?
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 7 seconds.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 3 seconds.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 1 seconds.
use quick
You prepare to use an expert quickpatch.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Use that on which component?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
ftl
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
An expert quickpatch appears to have eighteen uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    566/1155
--
damage
Starship Damage:
Wormhole Drive: 36%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
use laser
You prepare to use a laser resistance boost.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
You hear energy crackle over the hull of the ship as the engineer projects a
mild electromagnetic shield to reduce damage from laser weapons.
A laser resistance boost appears to have fifty-six uses left.
use quick
You cannot use any special abilities on the starship for another 3 seconds.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person emergency response
vessel "Whiskey In The Jar". The organization has earned 1,260,734.57 credits.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 24 seconds.
use quick
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 12 seconds.
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator beeps quietly, indicating that it
has unread notices.
read comm
You glance at your communicator's screen.
Notice from the Industrial Whip: Hello. Here is your industrial update for
today. We have made our first goal with 156.4 %, and are at 92.4 % to our second
goal. Top contributors are Kim with 41.8 %, Lily with 32.9 % and Shule with 18.2
%. Industry is in the lead with 60.6 %, followed by starship combat with 22.8 %,
exploration with 16.4 % and ground combat with 0.2 %. Nice work so far, keep it
up! [14:05 16 October 2316 GST]
There are two board posts.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
damage
Starship Damage:
Wormhole Drive: 26%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
That weapon room already has maximum energy.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a critical hit."
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have four uses left.
grid
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    1090/1155
--
use quick
You prepare to use an expert quickpatch.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
Use that on which component?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
ftl
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
An expert quickpatch appears to have seventeen uses left.
The computer reports that the ninlil "Fighter Mu Kappa Beta" has launched a
rescue pod.
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    781/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 3 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 1 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have three uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    757/1155
--
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    418/1155
--
damage
Starship Damage:
Wormhole Drive: 10%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 37 seconds.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    172/1155
--
The computer announces, "The gunner has caused the enemy's intrasector drive to
seize."
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    147/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 21 seconds.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
pa 21 seconds, Lily
You speak into the microphone.
The deck jumps underneath your feet as a torpedo explodes against the hull.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Corvette Omega Lambda Eta.'"
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 31%.
Wormhole Drive: 6%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
repair laser 6
You input a series of commands on the damage control computer, entering repair
orders for light turret #6.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The damage control computer reports, "Aborting repair of the wormhole drive and
beginning repair of light turret #6."
damage
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 27%.
Wormhole Drive: 5%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 27%.
Wormhole Drive: 5%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
restore
You prepare to use an expert battle restoration.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
An expert battle restoration appears to have two uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    170/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any special abilities on the starship for another 4 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any special abilities on the starship for another 2 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have two uses left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    299/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    353/1155
--
rd
Uncharted Sector (EAOS) [Human Interalliance Space] (Security: Gamma-1)
Coordinate rundown:
Starships: Fighter Mu Zeta Epsilon (F) at (13, 7, 13), Fighter Iota Epsilon
Lambda (F) at (15, 7, 13), Corvette Omega Lambda Eta (S) at (14, 6, 14), and
Firestorm (T) at (14, 5, 14)
Debris: (11, 5, 12), (11, 9, 14), (14, 4, 15), (13, 6, 16)
The computer announces, "The gunner has caused the enemy's intrasector drive to
seize."
restore
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 25 seconds.
damage
Starship Damage:
Turret 6: 13%.
Wormhole Drive: 1%.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
restore
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 15 seconds.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    378/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 20 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 18 seconds.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    119/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 9 seconds.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "70 40."
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 4 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
grid
Wait 1 seconds.
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have one use left.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    434/1155
--
restore
You cannot use any special abilities on the starship for another 2 seconds.
restore
You prepare to use an expert battle restoration.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
An expert battle restoration appears to have one use left.
The damage control computer reports, "Repair of light turret #6 has been
completed."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria, perched on your shoulder, blinks its yellow eyes
slowly, utterly indifferent to its surroundings.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    242/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 34 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 26 seconds.
use dump
The computer reports that the enkidu "Corvette Omega Lambda Eta" has launched a
rescue pod.
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 23 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 19 seconds.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    184/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 12 seconds.
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
pa 12 seconds.
You speak into the microphone.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 4 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 1 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump has been used up!
The computer announces, "The gunner has temporarily reduced the enemy's weapon
effectiveness."
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    745/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 22 seconds.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Mu Zeta Epsilon" has launched a
rescue pod.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    108/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 4 seconds.
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 2 seconds.
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
grid
Wait 1 seconds.
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have nineteen uses left.
damage
Starship Damage:
No damaged components.
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 25%, 50%, 75%, and 97%
rd
Uncharted Sector (EAOS) [Human Interalliance Space] (Security: Gamma-1)
Coordinate rundown:
Starships: Fighter Iota Epsilon Lambda (F) at (14, 7, 14) and Firestorm (T) at
(14, 7, 13)
Debris: (11, 5, 12), (11, 9, 14), (14, 5, 15), (13, 7, 13)
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    137/1155
--
use dump
You cannot use any ability of this type on the starship for another 19 seconds.
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    286/1155
--
use dump
You prepare to use an expert energy dump.
(3 seconds roundtime.)
grid
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
An expert energy dump appears to have eighteen uses left.
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    391/1155
--
grid
Weapon Room Status
--
                         Operator                      Energy
 Weapons Room            Lily Kaise                    418/1155
--
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Iota Epsilon Lambda" has launched a
rescue pod.
You earn 5,000,000.00 AEU credits for a successful beacon drop, plus a kill
bonus of 2,625,000.00 AEU credits.
You earn a bonus of 2,986,458.33 AEU credits for submitting information to a
battle analysis scanner on a temporary space station.
381,250.00 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has gained 6,845,231.11 credits
for a submission from a battle analysis scanner on AEU Battle-Scanning Nuclear
Temporary Station involving the three-person clipper "Firestorm".
The computer announces, "The gunner has temporarily reduced the enemy's weapon
effectiveness."
You hear a single beep and glance up to see green lights flick on overhead as
the ship enters normal status.
A low hum you had barely noticed until now slowly fades away as weapons are
powered down.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo!"
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woohoo."
Lily Kaise glides in from the north.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Gonna clean up some
of this debris."
pa Very nice. No damage
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
You speak into the microphone.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Really?"
pa ok
You speak into the microphone.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Wo no damage either."
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Want to gun this time?"
'Nope.
You say, "Nope."
Lily Kaise sighs at you.
'I was hoping to fly actually.
Lily Kaise laughs.
You say, "I was hoping to fly actually."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh cool."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Good then."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Let morris know?"
Lily Kaise grins.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I'll eng."
pa Mind if I fly the next one?
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Of course not."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Fire north please?"
A loud klaxon sounds and red lights flash overhead as the ship enters red alert.
You hear a low hum as the ship's weapons are powered up.
Lily Kaise glides north.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Dividends?"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Heh."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oh."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Just blowing this
piece of debris."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "North."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Which way?"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "North."
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has gained 4 megacredits from
AEU Scooping Solar Temporary Station.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Nice. 4 megacreds."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Thanks."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Sure."
ships
I don't understand that.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Gonna drop this at
Orion. Then Shule can fly."
The starship transitions into another sector.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "And you can gun if you
want?"
pa Be afraid. I shall fly the next beacon.
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Sure. Either way."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Naa."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Heh."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ah hell."
The starship transitions into another sector.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Be afraid when I fly
though and it won't be this morning."
The starship transitions into another sector.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ali has a beacon one
west of the BAS."
n
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
Morris Corlew is sitting on a black leather captain's chair.
You can go south, up, and out.
The sensor noise is much worse here, with a constant dark, gutteral snarling
sound emanating from the ship's speakers. It almost sounds like a language, but
it's nothing you've ever heard before, and the ship's computer cannot pinpoint a
source.
green
You lift a small plastic cover and press a green button.
You hear a single beep and glance up to see green lights flick on overhead as
the ship enters normal status.
A low hum you had barely noticed until now slowly fades away as weapons are
powered down.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Oops."
Morris Corlew presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Hello
pilots, as you travel to the bubble or one of our two asteroid hauling stations,
remember to stay safe, keep a check on your charge and please have EAOS credits
on hand for the tolls."
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Current
riftflow conditions are 2161 light-minutes per second from Galactic
Eastsoutheast and Very Slightly Down."
Via general sector communication, Beacon E-02 transmits in a robotic voice,
"Detecting vessel 'Firestorm.' Welcome to The Belt of Orion."
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: League Xenological
Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon.
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "All those blasted rats."
pa yep
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew begins the docking sequence.
Lily Kaise glides in from above.
Lily Kaise glides south.
Morris Corlew brings up the controls to transfer cargo.
You hear metallic scraping as the transfer of the cargo begins.
Morris Corlew scrambles to his feet.
Morris Corlew mosies up.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the
three-person clipper "Firestorm". The organization has earned 335,786.72
credits.
The sounds from the ship's hold cease as the cargo finishes transferring.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "All yours, Shule."
launch
You begin the launch sequence.
cuddle lily
I don't see that here.
ftl torus
Which sector did you mean?
[1] Torus Corridor (EAOS)
[2] The Torus (EAOS)
Enter your selection:
2
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo! 919 lock
evasions."
peer s
You peer south...
[Starship "Firestorm"; Engineering Room]
The engineering room is much cleaner and sterile than most people expect when
they first board a starship. Though there are some exposed, thick bundles of
wires running here and there, most of the actual workings of the ship are deeper
in its structure. Instead, the room is virtually bare and brightly lit, with one
wall dominated by a large graphical representation of the ship and its
components, alongside current estimates of damage levels. On the right is a
small starmap set into a wall, displaying a bare minimum of information so that
it is not a distraction to the one keeping the ship together. A simple control
board allows the operator to prioritize repairs. Lights overhead indicate that
the ship is on green status. Looking through the windows, you see that the ship
is in space.
You see a large leather chair, an improved temporary wormhole drive, and an
improved temporary wormhole drive here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a large leather chair.
You can go north and down.
The perfect ring of The Torus spins serenely nearby.
Via general sector communication, The Torus transmits, "Greetings, Firestorm!
Welcome to The Torus!"
pa I want that many! Share some with me!
You speak into the microphone.
vector w
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around your neck.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Wait...don't you
have cruiser rights?"
pa I do. I'm just kidding around.
You speak into the microphone.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits,
"Greetings. There is an active decoy beacon one sector Galactic West."
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
vector s
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Heh. I thought so."
The starship transitions into another sector.
pa And I have a few more than you. Just a few.
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Hah. Yeah...a
couple."
The starship transitions into another sector.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
rd
Uncharted Sector (EAOS) [Human Interalliance Space] (Security: Gamma-1)
Coordinate rundown:
Starships: Firestorm (T) at (12, 14, 19)
move 18 8 8
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: (18, 8, 8).
take beacon from briefcase
You remove a decoy beacon from a leather briefcase.
load beacon
You load a decoy beacon into a decoy beacon launcher.
s
[Starship "Firestorm"; Engineering Room]
You see a large leather chair, an improved temporary wormhole drive, and an
improved temporary wormhole drive here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a large leather chair.
You can go north and down.
remove asteria
You carefully remove a Tardick lizard named Asteria from your shoulder.
giive asteria to lily
I don't understand that.
You begin familiarizing yourself with the engineering stations and making
various changes to your liking.
give asteria to lily
You give a Tardick lizard named Asteria to Lily Kaise.
kiss ily
I don't see "ily" here.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
n
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
You can go south, up, and out.
sit chair
You sit down on a black leather captain's chair.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Our good luck lizie."
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person emergency response
vessel "Whiskey In The Jar". The organization has earned 508,314.64 credits.
pa heh
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Asteria?"
man
A small light next to the word MANUAL switches on, while a similar light next to
the word AUTOPILOT switches off.
pa The one and only.
You speak into the microphone.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Morris, anything come of our
conversationy yesterday?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "There's a book on the market."
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Cool. That's a start."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Other than that, no...and I've
been out that way since then."
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
who
There appear to be about 14 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Sean Sloan  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Corey Matthews  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Damien Alexander  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Liam O'Toole  (M)
Aisling an Sionnach  (M)
Your communicator also reports that there are 2 pilots who were active but
dropped out of communications.
Additionally, there are 14 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 28 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "For the accelerators. You need
to be in the sector they are located in, right?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep."
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "Yes."
rd
Uncharted Sector (EAOS) [Human Interalliance Space] (Security: Gamma-1)
Coordinate rundown:
Starships: Firestorm (T) at (18, 8, 8)
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
tar
none
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "You toss one out
already?"
beacon
You already have a beacon dropped in another sector.
pa Weird, it claims I have one already launched.
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew mosies in from above.
beacon
You already have a beacon dropped in another sector.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Uh...Someone has one west of the
BAS..."
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Could that be it?"
pa In another sector.
You speak into the microphone.
'I doubt it.
You say, "I doubt it."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Odd."
Lily Kaise glides in from the south.
Lily Kaise activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive detections
and recent ping returns.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "We flew through there...through
that sector while his was active."
ponder
You get a distant look on your face as you ponder.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh dear."
'Oh
You say, "Oh."
'Crap
You say, "Crap."
'then we'd better help
You say, "Then we'd better help."
vector n
You must switch to autopilot before engaging AutoVector.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Do you know whose it was?"
auto
A small light next to the word AUTOPILOT switches on, while a similar light next
to the word MANUAL switches off.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "West of the BAS. I said it over
the PA..."
Lily Kaise glides south.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Cruelty."
vector n
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise glides in from the south.
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "I don't recall who owns it...maybe
Klaus?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Odd I don't see anything on longrange
though."
Lily Kaise glides south.
Morris Corlew mosies up.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits,
"Greetings. There is an active decoy beacon one sector Galactic West."
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
vector w
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
lrscan
You activate the long-range scanner and search for passive detections and recent
ping returns.
--
Passive Long-Range Scan
--
No sensor signatures detected.
pa pinging
You speak into the microphone.
ping
This ship does not have an active long-range scanner.
pa or not
You speak into the microphone.
vector w
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yeah I would."
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
The starship transitions into another sector.
ships
Starships In Sector:
Fighter Lambda Omega Phi................(6, 5, 10)
Corvette Omega Omicron Xi...............(5, 6, 11)
Escort Psi Zzormk.......................(4, 4, 11)
Cruelty.................................(4, 4, 10)
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
red
You lift a small plastic cover and press a red button.
A loud klaxon sounds and red lights flash overhead as the ship enters red alert.
You hear a low hum as the ship's weapons are powered up.
track
There are no valid targets in range.
track
There are no valid targets in range.
gen Do you need help? I think we flew through this beacon
Via general sector communication, this ship transmits a text-based transmission:
"Do you need help? I think we flew through this beacon"
move
AutoStar detects 8 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Ships (present location):
[1] Fighter Lambda Omega Phi            
[2] Escort Psi Zzormk                   
[3] Corvette Omega Omicron Xi           
[4] Cruelty                             
   Debris:
[5] Debris (nearest)                    
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
3
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Corvette Omega Omicron
Xi.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Pa what is Cruelty? A
Fighter?"
Via general sector communication, Cruelty transmits a text-based transmission:
"You did, and you're distracting the fuck outta me right now."
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
vector e
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I don't recall what
size those are?"
gen ok, we'll leave.
Via general sector communication, this ship transmits a text-based transmission:
"ok, we'll leave."
scan
Ships in this sector:
[1] Fighter Lambda Omega Phi (Outsider Thrall)
[2] Corvette Omega Omicron Xi (Outsider Thrall)
[3] Escort Psi Zzormk (Outsider)
[4] Cruelty (Fringe)
Scan which ship?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
4
A few green lights blink on, then off again a moment later, as another starship
is scanned.  The computer then displays the following:
FS-28-13r Chetumal Orbital Cipactli-class Attack Craft "Cruelty"
--
IFF Transponder Code: Fringe
Model Designation: FS-28-13r
Hull damage: 0%
Average damage: 10%
Occupancy: Filled
FTL Capable: Yes
Weapons: Powered up
Power: Charged
Cargo: Ammunition
Chained By: the enkidu "Corvette Omega Omicron Xi"
Coordinates: (5, 6, 12)
Distance: 3
--
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I can't tell anything
from engineering."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I can't from up here
either."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Jsut the ship name."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "It's a Cipactli."
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Hmm use ships button?"
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Oops."
The starship transitions into another sector.
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits,
"Greetings. There is an active decoy beacon one sector Galactic West."
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "I use it all of the time!"
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Woo."
pa They claimed we were distracting them.
You speak into the microphone.
green
You lift a small plastic cover and press a green button.
You hear a single beep and glance up to see green lights flick on overhead as
the ship enters normal status.
A low hum you had barely noticed until now slowly fades away as weapons are
powered down.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Heh."
Morris Corlew mosies in from above.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "How does sitting there distract
them? I think that's Damien Alexander maybe? Probably has Eve with him..."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "So what kind of ship
were they in Shule?"
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "They didn't seem to get a high
response...escort and fighers I think it was."
'sipactli
You say, "Sipactli."
Morris Corlew takes off a pair of star-patterned crimson heavy duty protective
earmuffs.
Morris Corlew puts a pair of star-patterned crimson heavy duty protective
earmuffs in a slate blue leather gear bag.
Morris Corlew sighs.
'sorry, Was trying to remember how to say it.
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Say again?"
You say, "Sorry, Was trying to remember how to say it."
'sipactli
You say, "Sipactli."
Lily Kaise glides in from the south.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Cipactli...but I don't recall how
big those are."
Lily Kaise activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive detections
and recent ping returns.
pa It was a sipactli
You speak into the microphone.
'it's a scout
You say, "It's a scout."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Ah."
'That hits like a destroyer
You say, "That hits like a destroyer."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Wonder whose?"
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "I'm thinking it's Alexander's."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ah ok."
'probably
You say, "Probably."
'sorry, we have to wait it out.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "So they didn't want help?"
You say, "Sorry, we have to wait it out."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Might have Eve flying."
headshake lily 'We were a distraction.
You shake your head at Lily Kaise. "We were a distraction."
Lily Kaise nods.
Lily Kaise chuckles.
'I sasked them over general sector if they needed help.
You say, "I sasked them over general sector if they needed help."
'And that's what they told me.
You say, "And that's what they told me."
'And used rather colorful language to make their point.
You say, "And used rather colorful language to make their point."
Morris Corlew shrugs helplessly. "We did what we could."
chuckle
You chuckle.
Morris Corlew laughs.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Probably is Eve and Damien then."
nod
You nod.
'And they were chained.
You say, "And they were chained."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Yikes."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Well, I don't think our brief
presence made things worse for them."
'Hey, I offered. If they didn't want it. Up to them.
You say, "Hey, I offered. If they didn't want it. Up to them."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Apparently not."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Yep."
'Nah, no additional ships arrived.
You say, "Nah, no additional ships arrived."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Like I said, did what we could.
Plus...they had to have put that thing out immediately as we finished the
first."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ah well we'll get another beacon credit
but probably not lots of points."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Probably none."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah guess we'll see."
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a hot cup of espresso.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a hot cup of espresso.
Lily Kaise finishes off a hot cup of espresso.
Lily Kaise puts a cup in a lavender silk backpack embroidered with brightly hued
butterflies.
'sorry gusy, not much I can do.
You say, "Sorry gusy, not much I can do."
Morris Corlew shrugs. "No worries."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah could have finished it."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "They might have shot at us."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "No damage."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Intentionally."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well that would not be cool."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Wouldn't be the first time a
Fringe ship intentionally shot a friendly ship."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Nope."
'Nah, they were 3 units away and chained by that wonderful enkidu
You say, "Nah, they were 3 units away and chained by that wonderful enkidu."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Well, we'll see."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Keegan shot at me when I was coming back
from GMG and about to approach the Skim. I just laughed as it wasn't major and I
didn't want to over-react to make his day."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Hopefully they're fine."
chuckle lily 'Something he would do.
You chuckle at Lily Kaise. "Something he would do."
Morris Corlew nods to Lily Kaise. "Recently Alonzo shot at one of our new guys."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "But if the Voice of the Fleet gets
caught out shooting at us, tht is not cool."
nod
You nod.
'The voice and the defense captain.
You say, "The voice and the defense captain."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "However, if Eve was flying, she'd
know better...she was the one that apparently gave the guy a good chewing out."
Morris Corlew nods to you.
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
'Apparently, Nissi doesn't take to nicely to being shot at.
You say, "Apparently, Nissi doesn't take to nicely to being shot at."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Huh well no comment about that
situation."
Rubbing his stomach, Morris says, "Man, I'm hungry."
'From stories I've heard.
You say, "From stories I've heard."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I wasn't around anyway but what came
across in the news was totally screwed up."
Morris says to Lily, "What, about Alonzo?"
Morris Corlew asks in an Appalachian accent, "Or something with Nissi?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I don't know who gave Evenia the loan
and all that."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Oh...that was another situation."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Was it Goss?"
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "And that was Goss."
lrscan
You activate the long-range scanner and search for passive detections and recent
ping returns.
--
Passive Long-Range Scan
--
No sensor signatures detected.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Who is her org founder anyway."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "So wht is his beef with Ted?"
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around Lily Kaise's neck.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Ted is jealous of the League."
'Yeah,  no kidding.
You say, "Yeah, no kidding."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Goss didn't appreciate that."
'Wait, why?
You ask, "Wait, why?"
Morris Corlew says, OOCly, "Moment."
Morris Corlew says, OOCly, "Sorry. Technical issues."
Morris says to you in an Appalachian accent, "Not exactly sure...but he's
resentful when we do things with just alliance members."
'Hmmm, strange.
You say, "Hmmm, strange."
'But how did that kind of jealousy turn into something that made the news?
You ask, "But how did that kind of jealousy turn into something that made the
news?"
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "Melinda had one of her ground
talks...we've been doing that lately...classes and things. He said offhandedly
on comms that he knew what we were doing...and Goss got upset about it."
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "You know Goss...has a temper and
all...so he went to talk to Ted over on Chet...took away his trusteeship and
pulled a cannon on him in the Chet lounge."
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person emergency response
vessel "Whiskey In The Jar". The organization has earned 529,483.01 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has gained 2,053,569.33 credits
for a submission from a battle analysis scanner on AEU Battle-Scanning Nuclear
Temporary Station involving the two-person cipactli "Cruelty".
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "They're done."
nod
You nod.
vector s
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well it's an alliance's choice to
conduct internal meetings."
nod lily 'I agree.
Morris Corlew nods. "Exactly. But he's resentful."
You nod to Lily Kaise. "I agree."
Lily Kaise activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive detections
and recent ping returns.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Lily Kaise presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
The starship transitions into another sector.
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
rd
Uncharted Sector (EAOS) [Human Interalliance Space] (Security: Gamma-1)
Coordinate rundown:
Starships: Firestorm (T) at (4, 16, 11)
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Morris Corlew says in an Appalachian accent, "We have a lot of experienced folks
and a lot of new folks that can learn from their knowledge...classes and stuff
makes sense for us...doing activities as an alliance makes sense for us...helps
conquest."
Lily Kaise glides south.
beacon
Please select a beacon signal strength. This is likely to affect the level of
enemy response.
[1] Very low
[2] Low
[3] Standard
[4] High
[5] Very high (not recommended)
[6] Overdriven (very not recommended)
Enter your selection:
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
4
You deftly press a button and hear a light clunking sound as a decoy beacon is
launched.
'high out
Morris Corlew mosies up.
You say, "High out."
pa man battlestations.
You speak into the microphone.
move 8 8 8
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: (8, 8, 8).
squeeze lily
I don't see that here.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "They have been
manned."
yellow
You lift a small plastic cover and press a yellow button.
man
A small light next to the word MANUAL switches on, while a similar light next to
the word AUTOPILOT switches off.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I will attempt not
to drain this grid too quickly. No guarantees."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oh good that didn't
count against our beacons."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oh good."
pa Wait about 3 or 4 seconds in betwen each shot.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We almost
have both performance goals in hand! Keep pushing!"
You speak into the microphone.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yep."
s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
so
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "Firestorm"; Engineering Room]
You see a large leather chair, an improved temporary wormhole drive, and an
improved temporary wormhole drive here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a large leather chair.
You can go north and down.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
Lily Kaise smiles.
north
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
You can go south, up, and out.
sit chair
You sit down on a black leather captain's chair.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
The computer reports that the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Pi
Zzormo" has entered the sector.
The computer reports that the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette
Upsilon Zzorme" has entered the sector.
The computer reports that the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette
Delta Zzormn" has entered the sector.
The computer reports that the villein-class light fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
has entered the sector.
The computer reports that the villein-class light fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
has entered the sector.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu" has entered the
sector.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Eta Tau Chi" has entered the
sector.
track
Select target:
[1] Corvette Delta Zzormn (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
1
A loud klaxon sounds and red lights flash overhead as the ship enters red alert.
You hear a low hum as the ship's weapons are powered up.
A loud klaxon sounds and red lights flash overhead as the ship enters red alert.
the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn" now being
tracked..
TTA: Southeast and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
track
The ship reports that its target tracking arrays cannot handle any more targets.
q
Lost track of Corvette Delta Zzormn.
track
Select target:
[1] Corvette Pi Zzormo (Outsider)
[2] Fighter Gamma Zzormj (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
1
the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo" now being
tracked..
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ack."
TTA: Northeast contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
tar
Northeast
-d
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
The computer announces, "This starship has been chained by Outsider Thrall
starship 'Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu.'"
The computer announces, "The gunner has temporarily reduced the enemy's weapon
effectiveness."
w
A chain attached to the starship prevents it from moving in that direction.
TTA: Northeast contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
x
There is a ship already occupying that location.
c
A ball of minicannon energy suddenly flashes by the window, then slams into the
starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Pi Zzormo.' It was a glancing hit."
A ball of minicannon energy suddenly flashes by the window, then slams into the
starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Delta Zzormn.'"
A ball of minicannon energy suddenly flashes by the window, then slams into the
starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Delta Zzormn.' It was a glancing hit."
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo". Distance: 2 units
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
+q
TTA: Northeast and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
tar
Northeast and Down
q
The starship is already moving.
q
q
The starship is already moving.
TTA: East and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo". Distance: 2
units
d
d
The starship is already moving.
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
pa sorry
You speak into the microphone.
TTA: East and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
d
A chain attached to the starship prevents it from moving in that direction.
-e
A chain attached to the starship prevents it from moving in that direction.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Keeps me awake!"
TTA: Southeast and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
-c
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
+d
A ball of minicannon energy suddenly flashes by the window, then slams into the
starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Pi Zzormo.'"
You hear the strange sizzling noise of laser fire on the hull.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Pi Zzormo.'"
TTA: South and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo". Distance: 2
units
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
tar
South and Down
-x
TTA: Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
-d
The starship is already moving.
-d
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
-a
-a
The starship is already moving.
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo". Distance: 2
units
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
+s
+s
The starship is already moving.
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
d
The starship is already moving.
d
TTA: Northeast and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
w
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
d
take unit
You remove a secondary pilot command access unit from a black engineering tool
case.
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
+s
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
z
z
The starship is already moving.
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
-w
You hear energy crackle over the hull of the ship as the engineer projects a
mild electromagnetic shield to reduce damage from laser weapons.
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
a
TTA: Northeast and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
e
The starship is already moving.
e
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
tar
East and Up
tar
East and Up
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
d
d
The starship is already moving.
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
z
z
The starship is already moving.
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I have a question. Who owns
that clipper that cut in on our beacon?"
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
q
q
The starship is already moving.
TTA: East contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
+d
+d
The starship is already moving.
TTA: Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
-w
TTA: East contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
TTA: Southeast and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
c
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
d
d
The starship is already moving.
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
tar
North and Up
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
e
e
The starship is already moving.
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
-a
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
a
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
TTA: East contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
c
There is a ship already occupying that location.
=s
I don't understand that.
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
+s
TTA: South contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
c
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
-a
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-z
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo". Distance: 2 units
tar
Up
+s
+s
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
The starship is already moving.
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
d
The starship is already moving.
d
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
TTA: Southwest and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
z
The starship is already moving.
z
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
+d
The starship is already moving.
+d
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
Morris Corlew mosies in from above.
Morris Corlew mosies up.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oops..."
z
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
-w
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
TTA: Southwest and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Sorry about that."
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a critical hit."
-z
The starship is already moving.
-z
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo". Distance: 2 units
TTA: Northeast and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo". Distance:
2 units
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
TTA: Northeast and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
d
pa no worries
You speak into the microphone.
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
+s
+s
The starship is already moving.
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
e
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
TTA: Southwest and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo".
Distance: 2 units
a
a
The starship is already moving.
Lost track of Corvette Pi Zzormo.
The computer announces, "Target tracking array failed to retain target."
track
The computer announces, "The target tracking array will recalibrate
momentarily."
-c
track
Select target:
[1] Fighter Eta Zzorma (Outsider)
[2] Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu (Outsider Thrall)
[3] Corvette Upsilon Zzorme (Outsider)
[4] Fighter Gamma Zzormj (Outsider)
[5] Corvette Pi Zzormo (Outsider)
[6] Corvette Delta Zzormn (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
6
Your target is now out of range.
d
ships
Starships In Sector:
Fighter Gamma Zzormj....................(12, 9, 10)
Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu...............(12, 10, 10)
Corvette Upsilon Zzorme.................(11, 10, 10)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(10, 8, 10)
Fighter Eta Zzorma......................(11, 11, 10)
Fighter Eta Tau Chi.....................(13, 11, 9)
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(13, 10, 12)
track
Select target:
[1] Corvette Upsilon Zzorme (Outsider)
[2] Fighter Gamma Zzormj (Outsider)
[3] Corvette Delta Zzormn (Outsider)
[4] Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu (Outsider Thrall)
Enter your selection:
2
the villein-class light fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj" now being tracked..
TTA: Northwest contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
tar
Northwest
w
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
TTA: West contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
z
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a critical hit."
TTA: North contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
+s
TTA: North and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
w
There is a ship already occupying that location.
e
There is a ship already occupying that location.
q
The computer announces, "Coordinates are now occupied. Diverting course."
TTA: North contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
-s
A ball of minicannon energy suddenly flashes by the window, then slams into the
starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Pi Zzormo.'"
A ball of minicannon energy suddenly flashes by the window, then slams into the
starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Fighter
Gamma Zzormj.'"
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
tar
North and Up
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "I have an answer, Eve!"
e
tar
North and Up
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
a
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "It wasn't me. That's all I can
contribute. I've been sitting here in the lounge on Earth."
TTA: Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
tar
Up
a
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
+s
TTA: East contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Well thanks for that useful
information. I really would like an answer though."
c
TTA: North contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
tar
North
+s
TTA: North and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
w
There is a ship already occupying that location.
q
There is a ship already occupying that location.
e
brace
You suddenly stab your finger against a large button.
The computer says, "The pilot has signalled that incoming weapon fire is
imminent. Please brace yourself."
TTA: West and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
tar
West and Down
-s
The starship is already moving.
-s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-z
You hear energy crackle over the hull of the ship as the engineer projects a
mild electromagnetic shield to reduce damage from laser weapons.
TTA: North contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
-w
TTA: Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
tar
Up
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
tar
Up
tar
Up
+s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
d
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
+s
+s
The starship is already moving.
TTA: West contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
coord
13, 9, 10
q
TTA: South contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
+s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-s
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
x
The computer announces, "Coordinates are now occupied. Diverting course."
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Gamma Zzormj.
The computer reports that the villein-class light fighter "Fighter Gamma Zzormj"
has launched a rescue pod.
The computer reports that it has collected two of an intact hull plate, a
portion of a wormhole drive, two of an interior panel, and two of an
unidentifiable starship component from an exploding starship.
a
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a glancing hit."
There is a ship already occupying that location.
z
There is a ship already occupying that location.
x
track
Select target:
[1] Fighter Eta Tau Chi (Outsider Thrall)
[2] Corvette Upsilon Zzorme (Outsider)
[3] Fighter Eta Zzorma (Outsider)
[4] Corvette Delta Zzormn (Outsider)
[5] Corvette Pi Zzormo (Outsider)
[6] Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu (Outsider Thrall)
Enter your selection:
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo!"
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Well, it is useful! Also, what
alliances can own clippers? That should narrow it down for you."
2
the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme" now being
tracked..
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme".
Distance: 2 units
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yay."
tar
North and Up
+s
tar
North and Up
Lost track of Corvette Upsilon Zzorme.
The computer announces, "Target tracking array failed to retain target."
The computer announces, "Coordinates are now occupied. Diverting course."
track corvette
The computer announces, "The target tracking array will recalibrate
momentarily."
e
track corvett
The target tracking array is now tracking the centurio-class light assault
corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo".
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
TTA: Southwest and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo". Distance:
2 units
tar
Southwest and Up
+z
There is a ship already occupying that location.
+s
Lost track of Corvette Pi Zzormo.
The computer announces, "Target tracking array failed to retain target."
The computer announces, "Coordinates are now occupied. Diverting course."
track
The computer announces, "The target tracking array will recalibrate
momentarily."
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Blasted thing."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Oh, it does, I'd just like
to know who actually owns it."
1
tar
Southwest and Up
tar
Southwest and Up
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Because like, that wasn't
cool."
z
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oh sorry forgot to
report fail one down but we're fine."
track
Select target:
[1] Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu (Outsider Thrall)
[2] Corvette Delta Zzormn (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
1
the adapa "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu" now being tracked..
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu".
Distance: 2 units
tar
North
w
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu"
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Perhaps it was simple
mistake."
-s
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu"
w
w
The starship is already moving.
TTA: Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu"
d
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
d
The computer announces, "The gunner has caused the enemy's intrasector drive to
seize."
The starship is already moving.
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "It probably was, I doubt it
was malicious."
+s
TTA: West contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu"
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu" has launched a
rescue pod.
The computer reports that it has collected two of an interior panel, a part of a
ship-to-ship chain, two of an unidentifiable starship component, and two of an
intact hull plate from an exploding starship.
+s
The starship is already moving.
The ship jerks suddenly as a loud clang is heard, followed by an unsettling
rattling noise against the hull.
The computer announces, "This starship has been chained by Outsider Thrall
starship 'Fighter Eta Tau Chi.'"
+s
ships
Starships In Sector:
Fighter Eta Zzorma......................(14, 9, 9)
Corvette Upsilon Zzorme.................(13, 8, 10)
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(13, 7, 9)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(15, 7, 10)
Fighter Eta Tau Chi.....................(13, 11, 9)
track eta
That target is out of range.
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
track
Select target:
[1] Fighter Eta Zzorma (Outsider)
[2] Corvette Upsilon Zzorme (Outsider)
[3] Corvette Delta Zzormn (Outsider)
[4] Corvette Pi Zzormo (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
1
the villein-class light fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma" now being tracked..
TTA: North and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
d
tar
North and Down
TTA: Northwest and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
w
TTA: West and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
-s
TTA: West contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
z
z
The starship is already moving.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Actually, more like ninety
nine percent it was accidental."
TTA: North contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
tar
North
The computer announces, "The gunner has caused the enemy's intrasector drive to
seize."
q
TTA: East contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
tar
East
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "So, then what is big
deal?"
-d
TTA: Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
d
The computer announces, "Coordinates are now occupied. Diverting course."
TTA: Southwest and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma". Distance:
2 units
tar
Southwest and Up
+x
There is a ship already occupying that location.
+z
Lost track of Fighter Eta Zzorma.
The computer announces, "Target tracking array failed to retain target."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "My curiosity. That way I can
put an owner to the ship name who's accident it was."
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Evenia is making noise
on General I guess it's about us accidentally going in."
track fighter eta
The target tracking array is now tracking the villein-class light fighter
"Fighter Eta Zzorma".
TTA: Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
x
tar
Up
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
tar
North and Up
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
q
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Too bad."
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
tar
East and Up
+s
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "For what purpose?"
TTA: North contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
TTA: North and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
tar
North and Down
w
The starship is already moving.
w
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
TTA: Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
tar
Down
-d
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "I am sure they realized
mistake."
damage
Average Starship Damage: 1%
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 50%, 75%, and 97%
The computer announces, "Coordinates are now occupied. Diverting course."
TTA: Southwest and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
tar
Southwest and Down
tar
Southwest and Down
z
TTA: Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I can't hear her
with earmuffs on."
-d
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-a
TTA: East contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
tar
East
-d
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-e
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
c
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Understand I am a
little not going to respond to her. This happens and she needs to chill about
it."
TTA: West contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
tar
West
z
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
TTA: North contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Is she being that
noisy about it?"
+s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
q
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
TTA: Northeast and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
pa she is.
You speak into the microphone.
tar
Northeast and Up
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma". Distance: 2
units
+d
There is a ship already occupying that location.
+e
TTA: Southeast contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
pa And I don't have the time to argue about it.
You speak into the microphone.
tar
Southeast
d
TTA: South contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Exactly."
+s
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "You're right of course, they
were just in the sector for a little while, and I was more worried that they
were like, totally okay. We were fine."
TTA: South and Down contact: Outsider fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Well I just think she
wants to know who and hopefully realizes it's a mistake."
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Eta Zzorma.
The computer reports that the villein-class light fighter "Fighter Eta Zzorma"
has launched a rescue pod.
The computer reports that it has collected two of an intact hull plate, two of
an interior panel, a portion of a wormhole drive, and two of an unidentifiable
starship component from an exploding starship.
x
ships
Starships In Sector:
Fighter Eta Tau Chi.....................(13, 10, 9)
Corvette Upsilon Zzorme.................(14, 9, 10)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(14, 11, 7)
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(13, 9, 7)
d
track
Select target:
[1] Fighter Eta Tau Chi (Outsider Thrall)
[2] Corvette Upsilon Zzorme (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
1
the adapa "Fighter Eta Tau Chi" now being tracked..
TTA: West and Down contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
TTA: West and Down contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi".
Distance: 2 units
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "It only brought us like, one
extra ship."
tar
West and Down
-s
tar
West and Down
Lost track of Fighter Eta Tau Chi.
The computer announces, "Target tracking array failed to retain target."
track tau
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Oops."
The computer announces, "The target tracking array will recalibrate
momentarily."
a
track tau
The target tracking array is now tracking the adapa "Fighter Eta Tau Chi".
TTA: West contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi". Distance: 2
units
TTA: West contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Bye debris."
a
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-
Enter direction on new z-level or enter "@abort" to cancel.
z-q
Invalid direction. Valid directions are:
           NORTH
  NORTHWEST  |    NORTHEAST
      \      |      /
       \_____|_____/
       |   |   |   |
       | 7 | 8 | 9 |
       |___|___|___|
       |   |   |   |
WEST| 4 | 5 | 6 |EAST
       |___|___|___|
       |   |   |   |
       | 1 | 2 | 3 |
       |___|___|___|
      /      |      \
     /       |       \
 SOUTHWEST   |     SOUTHEAST
           SOUTH
The viewport glows brightly for a split second before a blast of minicannon
energy impacts the starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Delta Zzormn.'"
-z
tar
West
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Fighter Eta Tau Chi.'"
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
North and Up
w
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Evenia it was us and Morris
accidentally flew into the sector on our way back. We came back to offer
assistance."
The starship is already moving.
w
tar
North and Up
The viewport glows brightly for a split second before a blast of minicannon
energy impacts the starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Delta Zzormn.'"
TTA: Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
Up
d
There is a ship already occupying that location.
d
There is a ship already occupying that location.
e
There is a ship already occupying that location.
e
There is a ship already occupying that location.
ww
I don't understand that.
brace
You suddenly stab your finger against a large button.
The computer says, "The pilot has signalled that incoming weapon fire is
imminent. Please brace yourself."
w
The hull creaks with too-rapid temperature changes as laser fire plays upon it.
Fortunately, the ship has braced itself against some of the damage.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Delta Zzormn.'"
The viewport glows brightly for a split second before a blast of minicannon
energy impacts the starship. Fortunately, the ship has braced itself against
some of the damage.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Pi Zzormo.'"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Ah, nah, it's cool. I wasn't
pissed, only trying to figure out who it was."
You hear energy crackle over the hull of the ship as the engineer projects a
mild electromagnetic shield to reduce damage from minicannon weapons.
The starship shudders violently as a torpedo detonates against the hull.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider Thrall starship
'Fighter Eta Tau Chi.'"
tar
Up
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
+s
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "You must have launched right
as we finished ours."
TTA: South contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
South
z
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Ah ok we felt badly about it."
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
East
c
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
TTA: North contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "We were about a quarter of
the way through, I think."
tar
North
+s
TTA: North and Down contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
North and Down
w
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "No...ships came in right as we
did."
The starship is already moving.
w
TTA: Down contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Sometimes that situation can turn
into a mess."
-d
There is a ship already occupying that location.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "So either those were extras or
something."
-a
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Accidents happen."
e
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a glancing hit."
TTA: South contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
South
-s
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
c
The starship is already moving.
c
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
a
a
The starship is already moving.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Yeah, we got a couple extra
as you guys came in."
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
TTA: Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
Up
x
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
There is a ship already occupying that location.
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
q
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Well, you must have launched
while we had an active beacon, then."
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
East and Up
+s
damage
Average Starship Damage: 9%
Hull damage failsafes remaining: 50%, 75%, and 97%
TTA: East contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
tar
East
+d
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I dunno. I know the sector
was totally clear when we launched."
TTA: Down contact: Outsider Thrall fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi"
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Fighter Eta Tau Chi.
The computer reports that the adapa "Fighter Eta Tau Chi" has launched a rescue
pod.
The computer reports that it has collected a fractured processing unit, two of
an intact hull plate, most of a sensor component, two of an interior panel, two
of an unidentifiable starship component, and a part of a ship-to-ship chain from
an exploding starship.
d
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "The sector was, but not the
area."
ships
Starships In Sector:
Corvette Upsilon Zzorme.................(14, 10, 9)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(14, 10, 8)
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(12, 10, 9)
track
Select target:
[1] Corvette Upsilon Zzorme (Outsider)
[2] Corvette Pi Zzormo (Outsider)
[3] Corvette Delta Zzormn (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
1
the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme" now being
tracked..
TTA: Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
tar
Down
tar
Down
tar
Down
-d
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Did you see the report from
the BAS come in before you launched your beacon?"
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "It's all good though. Both
ships are alive."
-q
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep."
x
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Yeah, we did."
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "It's actually great practice
for invasion reponses."
a
There is a ship already occupying that location.
d
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Responses, too."
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
+s
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Just when you think you're
winning another wave shows up."
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "That's a positive way to look at
it."
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
tar
West
z
There is a ship already occupying that location.
q
TTA: South contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok...like I said, you must
have launched right after we finished then. We were cleaning up some debris."
+s
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
TTA: South and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
tar
South and Down
The computer announces, "The gunner has delivered a glancing hit."
x
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Yeah, there's that. I wish I
had some improved tools though. These basics are driving me nuts."
TTA: Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
tar
Down
-d
The starship is already moving.
-d
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
tar
West
-s
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
a
The starship is already moving.
a
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
w
The starship is already moving.
w
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
+s
The starship is already moving.
+s
TTA: South contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
c
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
+s
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
TTA: West and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
a
ships
Starships In Sector:
Corvette Upsilon Zzorme.................(14, 10, 9)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(14, 9, 8)
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(12, 10, 9)
TTA: Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
tar
Down
-a
There is some debris or an asteroid at that location.
-w
You hear a sudden high-pitched whine all over the ship as the engineer effects
swift repair of all components.
sal
You activate the stock salvage electromagnetic manipulator and begin scanning
for debris.
TTA: South contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
A bit of debris is snagged by the starship's electromagnetic field projector and
slowly brought into the ship's hold.
c
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
The debris is now secured in the ship's hold.  Scanning reveals it to be some
starship debris.
There is no more nearby debris.
-a
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
a
The starship is already moving.
a
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Upsilon Zzorme"
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Corvette Upsilon Zzorme.
The computer reports that the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette
Upsilon Zzorme" has launched a rescue pod.
The computer reports that it has collected an Outsider sensor construct of some
kind, a portion of a wormhole drive, three of a landing gear strut, two of a
hydraulic assembly, a fractured processing unit, four of an unidentifiable
starship component, three of an interior panel, and four of an intact hull plate
from an exploding starship.
+s
The starship is already moving.
sal
You activate the stock salvage electromagnetic manipulator and begin scanning
for debris.
ships
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo!"
Starships In Sector:
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(13, 10, 10)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(15, 10, 8)
track
Select target:
[1] Corvette Delta Zzormn (Outsider)
[2] Corvette Pi Zzormo (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
A bit of debris is snagged by the starship's electromagnetic field projector and
slowly brought into the ship's hold.
1
the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn" now being
tracked..
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn". Distance: 2 units
tar
Up
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
+d
The debris is now secured in the ship's hold.  Scanning reveals it to be some
starship debris.
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
There is no more nearby debris.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Bye to that warper."
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yep."
z
TTA: North and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
TTA: Northeast and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn".
Distance: 2 units
-e
There is a ship already occupying that location.
-d
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn". Distance: 2 units
e
TTA: Northwest contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
w
The starship is already moving.
w
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
pa sorry, uessI'm a bit rusty.
You speak into the microphone.
tar
West
a
The starship is already moving.
q
tar
West
TTA: South contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
-x
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
d
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
z
The ship's lights dim briefly as additional energy is shunted into a weapon
room's combat energy grid.
TTA: North and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
tar
North and Up
+s
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
tar
North
q
ships
Starships In Sector:
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(14, 11, 8)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(15, 12, 8)
TTA: East contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
tar
East
+d
TTA: Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
-d
You hear the loud whine of strained power converters as a weapon room's damage
output is temporarily boosted.
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
q
The starship is already moving.
q
TTA: South contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
-s
TTA: South and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
x
ships
Starships In Sector:
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(14, 11, 8)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(15, 12, 9)
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
a
ships
Starships In Sector:
Corvette Delta Zzormn...................(14, 11, 8)
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(15, 12, 9)
TTA: East and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
TTA: Northeast and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn".
Distance: 2 units
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
+s
tar
Northeast and Up
TTA: Northeast contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn". Distance: 2
units
e
TTA: East contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
+d
There is a ship already occupying that location.
0-d
I don't understand that.
-d
tar
East
The viewport glows brightly for a split second before a blast of minicannon
energy impacts the starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Delta Zzormn.'"
A ball of minicannon energy suddenly flashes by the window, then slams into the
starship.
The computer announces, "This ship has been hit by Outsider starship 'Corvette
Delta Zzormn.'"
TTA: Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
tar
Up
d
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
+s
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
You hear a brief high-pitched hum as the engineer effects swift repair of a
component.
+s
TTA: West and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
You wince as an extremely loud metallic bang emanates from outside the ship.
a
The starship is already moving.
a
There is a ship already occupying that location.
q
z
The starship is already moving.
TTA: South and Down contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Delta Zzormn"
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Wow I just fixed that
you jerk and now you're trying to kill that turret."
-s
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Heh."
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Corvette Delta Zzormn.
The computer reports that the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette
Delta Zzormn" has launched a rescue pod.
The computer reports that it has collected an Outsider sensor construct of some
kind, two of a hydraulic assembly, four of a landing gear strut, two of a
fractured processing unit, three of an interior panel, three of an
unidentifiable starship component, and four of an intact hull plate from an
exploding starship.
sal
You activate the stock salvage electromagnetic manipulator and begin scanning
for debris.
c
ships
Starships In Sector:
Corvette Pi Zzormo......................(15, 12, 9)
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "That'll teach 'em."
A bit of debris is snagged by the starship's electromagnetic field projector and
slowly brought into the ship's hold.
track
Select target:
[1] Corvette Pi Zzormo (Outsider)
Enter your selection:
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yup."
1
the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo" now being
tracked..
TTA: West and Up contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
The debris is now secured in the ship's hold.  Scanning reveals it to be some
starship debris.
+s
tar
West and Up
There is no more nearby debris.
TTA: West contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
z
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
TTA: North contact: Outsider corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo"
-s
scan
Ships in this sector:
[1] Corvette Pi Zzormo (Outsider)
Scan which ship?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
1
The computer announces, "Target destroyed."
Lost track of Corvette Pi Zzormo.
The computer reports that the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Pi
Zzormo" has launched a rescue pod.
The computer reports that it has collected two of a hydraulic assembly, four of
an interior panel, three of an intact hull plate, and three of an unidentifiable
starship component from an exploding starship.
You earn 5,000,000.00 AEU credits for a successful beacon drop, plus a kill
bonus of 2,625,000.00 AEU credits.
You earn a bonus of 2,986,458.33 AEU credits for submitting information to a
battle analysis scanner on a temporary space station.
381,250.00 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
Sorry, the centurio-class light assault corvette "Corvette Pi Zzormo" just left.
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has gained 6,845,231.11 credits
for a submission from a battle analysis scanner on AEU Battle-Scanning Nuclear
Temporary Station involving the three-person clipper "Firestorm".
tstat
0%, 10%
sal
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Woo!"
You activate the stock salvage electromagnetic manipulator and begin scanning
for debris.
+d
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
A bit of debris is snagged by the starship's electromagnetic field projector and
slowly brought into the ship's hold.
green
You lift a small plastic cover and press a green button.
You hear a single beep and glance up to see green lights flick on overhead as
the ship enters normal status.
A low hum you had barely noticed until now slowly fades away as weapons are
powered down.
Morris Corlew's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "I think I'm out now,
though."
The debris is now secured in the ship's hold.  Scanning reveals it to be some
starship debris.
There is no more nearby debris.
Morris Corlew mosies in from above.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Wow that one sort of
fell over!"
You hear a loud bang above you somewhere as ship systems are repaired outside.
Morris Corlew deftly enters a command on the navigation board.
pa Sorry guys.
You speak into the microphone.
vector n
You must switch to autopilot before engaging AutoVector.
auto
A small light next to the word AUTOPILOT switches on, while a similar light next
to the word MANUAL switches off.
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
vector n
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Morris Corlew mosies south.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Ok hull damage and a
turret and minor damage to FTL. It's not bad at all."
Morris Corlew mosies in from the south.
ooc Technical issues here.
You say, OOCly, "Technical issues here."
The starship transitions into another sector.
Morris Corlew says, OOCly, "No worries. We've all had 'em."
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
The computer reports that the opochtli "It's Not Gay If The Balls Touch" has
jumped out of the sector.
The computer reports that the opochtli "Not Cool" has jumped out of the sector.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Small clinks of metal come from the hull of the ship as it's being repaired.
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits,
"Greetings. There are currently no active decoy beacons in surrounding sectors."
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
vector e
You make a selection on the AutoVector control board.
pa They ran! Not fair!
You speak into the microphone.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Yeah."
The starship transitions into another sector.
stop
You press a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies
it for a moment.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
ftl new
Morris Corlew presses a button, calling up a display of the contents of the
ship's hold.
Morris Corlew sits down.
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
New Earth rotates through space before you, a startingly verdant planet, colored
in greens and blues with pure white clouds.
move
Via general sector communication, New Earth transmits, "Hello there, Firestorm!
Welcome to home space!"
AutoStar detects 3 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Planets:
[1] New Earth                           
   Space Stations:
[2] Space Station Alpha                 
   Space Markets:
[3] Space Market                        
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
1
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: New Earth.
Morris Corlew says into the PA microphone, "Thanks for beacons, you two."
pa Thanks for coming out.
You speak into the microphone.
Lily Kaise's voice comes over the loudspeaker and says, "Was fun!"
Would you like to request landing clearance at New Earth?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You notify flight control of your desire to land.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Hello, Firestorm. We read your AEU
transponder. You are cleared to land at the city of New Phoenix."
Lily Kaise glides in from the south.
Morris Corlew stands up.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
You are credited with 10,120,910.02 AEU credits of bounty.
506,045.50 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
wave morris
Lily Kaise glides out.
You wave to Morris Corlew.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
Morris Corlew mosies out.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
You hear hammering and the chatter of technicians outside as the spaceport
repairs the starship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
You hear hammering and the chatter of technicians outside as the spaceport
repairs the starship.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
-lily Sorry love. That was a terrible performance form me.
You say to Lily, "Sorry love. That was a terrible performance form me."
You hear hammering and the chatter of technicians outside as the spaceport
repairs the starship.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "No it wasn't terrible."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "You haven't flown in a few weeks."
Lily Kaise glides south.
Lily Kaise glides in from the south.
nod
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "All fixed."
You nod.
power
Lily Kaise grins.
You pull a large lever towards you.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
Your ship 'Firestorm' has been automatically moved into a garage.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So org has 1096 combat now."
'wooo!
You exclaim, "Wooo!"
Lily Kaise grins.
grin
You grin.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
'come hlep me clear out the storage hold
You say, "Come hlep me clear out the storage hold."
hold lily
You hold Lily Kaise's hand, taking her into your group.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Heh ok."
s
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "Firestorm"; Engineering Room]
You see a large leather chair, an improved temporary wormhole drive, and an
improved temporary wormhole drive here.
You can go north and down.
Lily Kaise followed you.
d
[Starship "Firestorm"; Storage Room]
You see twenty-three of a part of a ship-to-ship chain, fourteen of a hydraulic
assembly, ninety of an unidentifiable starship component, eighty-seven of an
interior panel, ninety-four of an intact hull plate, twenty of a landing gear
strut, twelve of a fractured processing unit, eight of a portion of a wormhole
drive, an alien piston assembly, an alien piston assembly, most of a sensor
component, some starship debris, two of an Outsider sensor construct of some
kind, some starship debris, some starship debris, and some starship debris here.
You can go up.
Lily Kaise followed you.
'Please don't make me take all of that.
You say, "Please don't make me take all of that."
glance
You glance around at your surroundings.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Heh you could use it?"
'Not really. I have lots of supplies still.
You say, "Not really. I have lots of supplies still."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well i'll take what you leave."
Lily Kaise grins.
l
[Starship "Firestorm"; Storage Room]
The status lights overhead are currently not receiving power. Looking through
the windows, you see that the ship is in a garage.
You see twenty-three of a part of a ship-to-ship chain, fourteen of a hydraulic
assembly, ninety of an unidentifiable starship component, eighty-seven of an
interior panel, ninety-four of an intact hull plate, twenty of a landing gear
strut, twelve of a fractured processing unit, eight of a portion of a wormhole
drive, an alien piston assembly, an alien piston assembly, most of a sensor
component, some starship debris, two of an Outsider sensor construct of some
kind, some starship debris, some starship debris, and some starship debris here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up.
'Nah, take what you want first.
You say, "Nah, take what you want first."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "I don't even know what I want and I bet
you went through a fair amount of circuit boards lately?"
'I have plenty of circuit boards and the supplies to make them.
You say, "I have plenty of circuit boards and the supplies to make them."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise removes Lily Kaise's workbench from a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise puts down Lily Kaise's workbench.
Lily Kaise places twelve of a fractured processing unit on Lily Kaise's
workbench and carefully disassembles them.
Lily Kaise adds twenty-four of a plastic bead to the workbench's supplies, for a
total of five thousand eight hundred forty-seven.
Lily Kaise adds twenty-four of a transistor to the workbench's supplies, for a
total of one thousand seven hundred thirty-six.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Can use those and the caps."
take bead from work
That isn't your workbench.
take bead from my work
There are 13309 of those. How many do you want to take?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
n
Not a valid number.
Lily Kaise places ninety of an unidentifiable starship component on Lily Kaise's
workbench and carefully disassembles them.
Lily Kaise adds one hundred eighty of a metal ingot to the workbench's supplies,
for a total of twelve thousand fourteen.
Lily Kaise adds one hundred eighty of a bundle of wiring to the workbench's
supplies, for a total of five thousand eight hundred fifty-three.
Lily Kaise adds ninety of a capacitor to the workbench's supplies, for a total
of one thousand four hundred thirty-two.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Wow."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I didn't realize there were tht many."
grin
You grin.
take capacitor from my work
There are 20 of those. How many do you want to take?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
n
Not a valid number.
take work
Lily Kaise's workbench isn't yours.
take my work
You remove Shule Elemmire's workbench from a leather briefcase.
drop work
Lily Kaise places an alien piston assembly on Lily Kaise's workbench and
carefully disassembles it.
You put down Shule Elemmire's workbench.
Lily Kaise adds two of a metal cylinder to the workbench's supplies, for a total
of seven hundred eighty-one.
Lily Kaise adds a superacid mixture to the workbench's supplies, for a total of
fifty-three.
take superacid from work
That isn't your workbench.
take superacid from my work
There are 139 of those. How many do you want to take?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
n
Not a valid number.
take second capacitor from my work
Get what from Shule Elemmire's workbench?
take second capacitor from my work
Get what from Shule Elemmire's workbench?
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I like those. They are like prize eggs
with stuff in them."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise laughs.
disassemble hull
You place ninety-four of an intact hull plate on Shule Elemmire's workbench and
carefully disassemble them.
You add three hundred seventy-six of a metal ingot to the workbench's supplies,
for a total of fifty-four thousand seven hundred sixty.
'you done taking what you want?
You ask, "You done taking what you want?"
Lily Kaise places fourteen of a hydraulic assembly on Lily Kaise's workbench and
carefully disassembles them.
Lily Kaise adds twenty-eight of a metal cylinder to the workbench's supplies,
for a total of eight hundred nine.
Lily Kaise arranges seventy of a hydraulic fluid ampoule among the workbench's
supplies.
Lily Kaise glances around at her surroundings.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise picks up Lily Kaise's workbench.
take ampoule from my work
There are 247 of those. How many do you want to take?
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
n
Not a valid number.
Lily Kaise puts Lily Kaise's workbench in a lavender silk backpack embroidered
with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
disassemble assembly
You place an alien piston assembly on Shule Elemmire's workbench and carefully
disassemble it.
You add a metal cylinder to the workbench's supplies, for a total of three
hundred ninety-one.
You add two of a superacid mixture to the workbench's supplies, for a total of
one hundred forty-one.
disassemble assembly
Disassemble what?
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Thank you so much Love."
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
smile lily 'No problem.
You smile at Lily Kaise. "No problem."
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
disassemble panel
You place eighty-seven of an interior panel on Shule Elemmire's workbench and
carefully disassemble them.
You add three hundred forty-eight of a plastic bead to the workbench's supplies,
for a total of thirteen thousand six hundred fifty-seven.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
disassemble panel
Disassemble what?
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hmm...buy and upgrade a
fighter, or buy and upgrade a mule...Or the gunboat I talked about..."
disassemble chain
You place twenty-three of a part of a ship-to-ship chain on Shule Elemmire's
workbench and carefully disassemble them.
You add ninety-two of a metal ingot to the workbench's supplies, for a total of
fifty-four thousand eight hundred fifty-two.
You add twenty-three of a metal gripper to the workbench's supplies, for a total
of one thousand two hundred eighty-six.
disassemble chain
You can't disassemble a chaingun resistance boost.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "All the decisions..."
disassemble strut
You place twenty of a landing gear strut on Shule Elemmire's workbench and
carefully disassemble them.
You add one hundred sixty of a metal ingot to the workbench's supplies, for a
total of fifty-five thousand twelve.
You add twenty of a hydraulic piston to the workbench's supplies, for a total of
one thousand four hundred eighty.
l
[Starship "Firestorm"; Storage Room]
The status lights overhead are currently not receiving power. Looking through
the windows, you see that the ship is in a garage.
You see eight of a portion of a wormhole drive, most of a sensor component, some
starship debris, two of an Outsider sensor construct of some kind, some starship
debris, some starship debris, some starship debris, and Shule Elemmire's
workbench here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up.
disassemble sensory
Disassemble what?
disassemble sensor
You place most of a sensor component on Shule Elemmire's workbench and carefully
disassemble it.
You add two of a metal ingot to the workbench's supplies, for a total of
fifty-five thousand fourteen.
You add four of a bundle of wiring to the workbench's supplies, for a total of
fourteen thousand five hundred seventy-four.
You add a circuit board to the workbench's supplies, for a total of one hundred
ninety-nine.
You add two of a capacitor to the workbench's supplies, for a total of four
thousand seven hundred two.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Wow I know where to get heavy
metal!"
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
disassemble drive
You place eight of a portion of a wormhole drive on Shule Elemmire's workbench
and carefully disassemble them.
You add sixteen of a metal ingot to the workbench's supplies, for a total of
fifty-five thousand thirty.
You add sixteen of a bundle of wiring to the workbench's supplies, for a total
of fourteen thousand five hundred ninety.
You add sixteen of a capacitor to the workbench's supplies, for a total of four
thousand seven hundred eighteen.
You add eight of a wormhole drive core to the workbench's supplies, for a total
of five hundred sixty-three.
l
[Starship "Firestorm"; Storage Room]
The status lights overhead are currently not receiving power. Looking through
the windows, you see that the ship is in a garage.
You see some starship debris, two of an Outsider sensor construct of some kind,
some starship debris, some starship debris, some starship debris, and Shule
Elemmire's workbench here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up.
take work
You pick up Shule Elemmire's workbench.
put work in briefcase
You put Shule Elemmire's workbench in a leather briefcase.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "How about you buy me an
upgraded fighter?"
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "A ok go feed the beast!"
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Split the difference?"
[General Communication] Akemi Bando transmits, "Buy me one too."
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Heh."
grin
u
n
You grin.
[Starship "Firestorm"; Engineering Room]
You see a large leather chair, an improved temporary wormhole drive, and an
improved temporary wormhole drive here.
You can go north and down.
Lily Kaise followed you.
Please do not enter so many commands at once.
n
[Starship "Firestorm"; Control Room]
You see a black leather captain's chair, a decoy beacon launcher, a
bioaugmentation plant in a small pot labeled "Space Invaders", and a wormhole
drive tracer here.
You can go south, up, and out.
Lily Kaise followed you.
launch
The navigation systems are nonfunctional until their power is restored.
power
You grasp a large lever on the control board and push it slowly away from you.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
launch
You use the ship's radio to ask flight control for launch clearance.
sit chair
You sit down on a black leather captain's chair.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "You've both got a lot more
cash than I do...this is a little backwards..."
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Firestorm, you have clearance to
launch. Good luck and come back to us safely."
points
Point Totals:
  Industry:           6022.8 
  Space Combat:       5490.8 
  Ground Combat:      1552.7 
  Exploration:        3299.4 
  Aggregate:          16315
  Teslapoints:        994
  Org Contribution:   20.0%
For a more detailed breakdown of your license points, visit any point center and
get a summary!
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Hear hear."
The computer reports that the two-person light transport "Registered Merchant
838" has landed on the planet New Earth.
[General Communication] Akemi Bando transmits, "My fighter's got a skeleton."
ftl orion
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "My fighters are all EAOS
models."
Which sector did you mean?
[1] The Shoulder of Orion (Unclaimed)
[2] The Belt of Orion (Unclaimed)
Enter your selection:
Lily Kaise looks at you thoughtfully.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "All the bones..."
2
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I'll have one as well if
you're buying, Morris."
Lily Kaise grins.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Fighters? Plural?"
A pair of odd-colored stars, one green and one blue, mark this curious area of
space. The sensors are picking up odd bits of noise that the ship's computer
insists on trying to convert to audio. Once in a while, something that could
almost sound like a word emerges from a burst of static.
The computer reports that in-sector beacons are transmitting the following:
%\XHZetC0uXy)j?IRT'~i^me^xl-{C]OAO_/i*1V
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
This area of space is within the green belt of the nearest star, but there are
no life-bearing planets here. Instead there is merely an odd cluster of space
stations of unknown origin.
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Bones?"
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Sure. I've got two
interceptors."
The sensor noise is much worse here, with a constant dark, gutteral snarling
sound emanating from the ship's speakers. It almost sounds like a language, but
it's nothing you've ever heard before, and the ship's computer cannot pinpoint a
source.
move
The starship is already moving.
move
AutoStar detects 19 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Beacon Housings:
[1] Beacon E-02                         
   Ships (present location):
[2] Peacekeeper Task Force Eta 0        
[3] Peacekeeper Task Force Psi 1        
   Temporary Stations:
[4] League Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon
[5] League Battery-Powered Weather Station
[6] League Rift Accelerating Solar Toll Station
   Debris:
[7] Debris (nearest)                    
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Hello
pilots, as you travel to the bubble or one of our two asteroid hauling stations,
remember to stay safe, keep a check on your charge and please have EAOS credits
on hand for the tolls."
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Current
riftflow conditions are 2080 light-minutes per second from Galactic
Eastsoutheast and Very Slightly Down."
Via general sector communication, Beacon E-02 transmits in a robotic voice,
"Detecting vessel 'Firestorm.' Welcome to The Belt of Orion."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "And where did you get this
idea, Evil one? Do not let them put these strange ideas in your head..."
Lily Kaise presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
4
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: League Xenological
Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yes, Shortcake...skeleton...bo
nes..."
gen
General Sector Transmission
Communication Menu:
[1] Greetings.
[2] Farewell.
[3] What ship is that?
[4] Where are you bound?
[5] I am in distress.
[6] Attack my target.
[7] Ignore my target.
[8] Leave the sector for your own safety.
[9] I offer surrender.
[10] Surrender or I will attack.
Enter your selection:
n
Invalid selection.
gen 1
Via general sector communication, this ship transmits a standard signal:
"Greetings."
Via general sector communication, Peacekeeper Task Force Eta 0 directs a
standard signal at this ship: "Greetings."
Via general sector communication, Peacekeeper Task Force Psi 1 directs a
standard signal at this ship: "Greetings."
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "The only problem with those
is the lack of an jump drive. Oh wait, you said AEOS... Hmm."
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Well, I'm the evil one. What
else would you expect?"
Would you like to dock at League Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning
Message Beacon?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
y
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Yeah, the ones with the LRLs."
You begin the docking sequence.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "The reason I'm trying to
decide is I don't have the credits to buy and upgrade all the ships I want."
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Hmm."
transfer
The computer reports that it is unable to initiate a cargo transfer while the
ship is moving.
transfer
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "What is the benefit of
those, Liam?"
Storage hold contents:
[1] some starship debris
[2] some starship debris
[3] some starship debris
[4] some starship debris
[5] All
Enter the number of the object you would like to transfer.
5
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm leaning toward the mule or
the fighter."
You hear metallic scraping as the transfer of the cargo begins.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the
three-person clipper "Firestorm". The organization has earned 377,497.45
credits.
You are charged less in taxes for transferring to a pilot-owned space station.
You have donated one piece of debris to the station's blast furnace.
You have been credited with 1,518,921.74 League credits for your find.
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
The sounds from the ship's hold cease as the cargo finishes transferring.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "The benefit would be the
long-range lasers, for sure."
launch
You begin the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Nice."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm drooling over here, Liam."
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Obviously. But are there
any others?"
ftl new
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Dunno...never seen one. Liam
could tell you way better than I could ever hope to."
New Earth rotates through space before you, a startingly verdant planet, colored
in greens and blues with pure white clouds.
move
AutoStar detects 5 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Planets:
[1] New Earth                           
   Space Stations:
[2] Space Station Alpha                 
   Ships (present location):
[3] AEU Navy Honour Guard Scout Chi-2   
[4] AEU Navy Honour Guard Scout Rho-1   
   Space Markets:
[5] Space Market                        
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
Via general sector communication, New Earth transmits, "Hello there, Firestorm!
Welcome to home space!"
1
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: New Earth.
The computer reports that the two-person light transport "Registered Merchant
838" has launched from New Earth.
Would you like to request landing clearance at New Earth?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
The computer reports that the two-person light transport "Registered Merchant
838" has jumped out of the sector.
y
You notify flight control of your desire to land.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Hello, Firestorm. We read your AEU
transponder. You are cleared to land at the city of New Phoenix."
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Groaon."
power
You pull a large lever towards you.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Oh, really? I just did
that?"
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon grumbles.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
Your ship 'Firestorm' has been automatically moved into a garage.
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "I just sold my torpedo
launchers for the wrong type here at Drydock."
Lily Kaise leaves your group.
Lily Kaise holds your hand, taking you into her group.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
Lily Kaise glides out.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "What kind did you end up
getting?"
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise holds your hand, taking you into her group.
Lily Kaise pulls you to your feet.
Lily Kaise chuckles at you.
You follow Lily Kaise out.
[Starship "Firestorm"; Airlock]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
You follow Lily Kaise out of the ship.
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
The one-person runabout "Angel Wings", the five-person A.S.S. tactical platform
"William Dove", and the three-person clipper "Firestorm" are landed here.
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
The five-person A.S.S. tactical platform "William Dove" is loaded onto an
automated flatbed and slowly moved into a large garage.
The five-person A.S.S. tactical platform "William Dove" is slowly brought in
aboard an automated flatbed, then lowered to the floor.
You follow Lily Kaise aboard the five-person A.S.S. tactical platform "William
Dove".
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
You follow Lily Kaise into the ship.
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, an insulated
purple cooler, a blue plastic food storage container, and Sassie the old large
fuchsia felo here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go south and out.
Lily Kaise disbands her group.
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Coalition standard MK III."
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made
white and sapphire star quilt on it.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Aha."
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "I meant to keep the
oblivion, which I had just bought."
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "So I am going to buy it
back."
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
A firmly rooted animal with dozens of smooth yellow tendrils slowly waves its
many tendrils.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "The evil one has bells in her
mind. That is all."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Yes, along with all the
people who like to hang out in there."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "You have people...with
bells...in your mind..."
tra gen Eve, I appologize for my clipper flying through your beacon. It was
purely accidental.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Eve, I appologize for my
clipper flying through your beacon. It was purely accidental."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Must be awfully noisy in
there."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Nah Shule, it's cool.
Admittedly it made us grumble a bit, but no harm was done. Accidents happen."
Sassie the old large fuchsia felo bats at a small yellow ball containing a
realistic Bari horde noisemaker.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out from its perch on Lily
Kaise's shoulder.
tra gen Ok, I heard your question over comms but was in the midst of flying.
Hence why I didn't answer.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Ok, I heard your question
over comms but was in the midst of flying. Hence why I didn't answer."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Apparently he did on general."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Buttons..."
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
'going to check the office really quick.
You say, "Going to check the office really quick."
'be right back
You say, "Be right back."
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white
and sapphire star quilt on it.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
The one-person runabout "Angel Wings" and the five-person A.S.S. tactical
platform "William Dove" are landed here.
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
u
You can't go that way.
go office
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office]
You see a friendly cadet orientation officer here.
You can go north, up, and out.
n
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
n
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I also apologize in advance
for Alexanders colorful language over general, since I was just told about it
now. We all get agitated when things like that happen, even though we know it
wasn't intentional."
w
You rapidly enter a few numbers into a keypad next to the door.
You open the door.
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Space Defense Captain]
You see the Space Defense Captain terminal and a large metal filing cabinet
here.
You can go east.
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "I'll never forget when I was
flying a solo fighter beacon and Arelle Vitacelli's Pulsar came roaring in."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Wait, how is that apology in
advance? Hmmm."
Your ship 'William Dove' has been automatically moved into a garage.
tra gen Really? Wow! That would have been a bit of a challenge!
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Really? Wow! That would have
been a bit of a challenge!"
take work
You remove Shule Elemmire's workbench from a leather briefcase.
put work in briefcase
You put Shule Elemmire's workbench in a leather briefcase.
take report
You remove the 00:00 17/10 AEU space defense report from a brushed steel desk.
read report
In addition, there appears to be some writing on the 00:00 17/10 AEU space
defense report...
--
Ship Destroyed in Attack
--
      Beacon B-19: RATS Replicating Autonomous Transmigratory Spacecraft Fighter
"RATS Fighter Mu-3361978" by AEU AY-71 AEU Long-Range Scout "AEU Navy Honour
Guard Scout Nu-7"
            22:31 16 October 2316 GST
      Beacon B-19: RATS Replicating Autonomous Transmigratory Spacecraft Fighter
"RATS Fighter Theta-0478782" by AEU AY-71 AEU Long-Range Scout "AEU Navy Honour
Guard Scout Nu-7"
            22:32 16 October 2316 GST
      Beacon B-19: RATS Replicating Autonomous Transmigratory Spacecraft Fighter
"RATS Fighter Pi-0721346" by AEU AY-71 AEU Long-Range Scout "AEU Navy Honour
Guard Scout Nu-7"
            22:32 16 October 2316 GST
      Beacon B-19: RATS Replicating Autonomous Transmigratory Spacecraft Fighter
"RATS Fighter Lambda-6615451" by AEU AY-71 AEU Long-Range Scout "AEU Navy Honour
Guard Scout Omega-1"
            22:32 16 October 2316 GST
      Beacon B-19: RATS Replicating Autonomous Transmigratory Spacecraft Fighter
"RATS Fighter Epsilon-5827938" by AEU AY-71 AEU Long-Range Scout "AEU Navy
Honour Guard Scout Omega-1"
            22:33 16 October 2316 GST
      Beacon B-19: RATS Replicating Autonomous Transmigratory Spacecraft Fighter
"RATS Fighter Alpha-3176001" by AEU AY-71 AEU Long-Range Scout "AEU Navy Honour
Guard Scout Nu-7"
            22:34 16 October 2316 GST
--
--
Ship Victorious
--
      AEU AY-71 AEU Long-Range Scout "AEU Navy Honour Guard Scout Omega-1"
versus RATS
            Two instances from 22:32 16 October 2316 GST to 22:33 16 October
2316 GST
      AEU AY-71 AEU Long-Range Scout "AEU Navy Honour Guard Scout Nu-7" versus
RATS
            Four instances from 22:31 16 October 2316 GST to 22:34 16 October
2316 GST
--
(You finish reading.)
stamp repot
Stamp what?
stamp report
You grab a large rubber stamp, pound it onto the 00:00 17/10 AEU space defense
report, then fling the document into the Outgoing pile.
take report
I see no "report" here.
take report
I see no "report" here.
e
You grab the door handle as you leave.
The door to the west suddenly closes.
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office]
You see a friendly cadet orientation officer here.
You can go north, up, and out.
out
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
The one-person runabout "Angel Wings" is landed here.
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
d
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, an insulated
purple cooler, a blue plastic food storage container, and Sassie the old large
fuchsia felo here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go south and out.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
tra gen And not sure how that was in advance, but it's ok either way.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "And not sure how that was in
advance, but it's ok either way."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Thanks Shule."
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
Lily gently rubs your back.
Lily Kaise gently massages your shoulders.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
-lily I love you babe.
You say to Lily, "I love you babe."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "So when do you need to sleep?"
ponder 'I wish never?
"I wish never?" You get a distant look on your face as you ponder.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Aww."
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "I understand that one!"
Lily Kaise grins.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
''But seriously, I can probably stay up an hour or two more than the last couple
of days.
You say, "'But seriously, I can probably stay up an hour or two more than the
last couple of days."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Ah ok then would it be worthwhile to
attempt some hauling?"
'Sure.
You say, "Sure."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise grins.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made
white and sapphire star quilt on it.
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white
and sapphire star quilt on it.
Lily Kaise picks up a blue plastic food storage container.
join lily
You join Lily Kaise's group.
Lily Kaise puts a blue plastic food storage container in a lavender silk
backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise picks up an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise puts an insulated purple cooler in a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise removes an elegant crystal decanter from a round white rattan coffee
table with a glass top.
Lily Kaise puts an elegant crystal decanter in a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hmm guess that's all we need."
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Ready?"
You follow Lily Kaise out.
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
You follow Lily Kaise out of the ship.
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You see a large number of stored starships here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up.
You follow Lily Kaise aboard the two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!".
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
You follow Lily Kaise into the ship.
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, and a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up and out.
disband
There's no one in your group.
leave
You leave Lily Kaise's group.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise grasps a large lever on the control board and pushes it slowly away
from her.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
Lily Kaise uses the ship's radio to ask flight control for launch clearance.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "RockIt!, you have clearance to launch.
Good luck and come back to us safely."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria curls its tail loosely around Lily Kaise's neck.
sit cusion
I can't find "cusion."
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the FTL flight control board.
sit cushion
I can't find "cushion."
A pair of odd-colored stars, one green and one blue, mark this curious area of
space. The sensors are picking up odd bits of noise that the ship's computer
insists on trying to convert to audio. Once in a while, something that could
almost sound like a word emerges from a burst of static.
The computer reports that in-sector beacons are transmitting the following:
e4$'?\qN^L*t2P#vO'q];dyCU'8*fHo$Ydv)k"QN
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
This area of space is within the green belt of the nearest star, but there are
no life-bearing planets here. Instead there is merely an odd cluster of space
stations of unknown origin.
The sensor noise is much worse here, with a constant dark, gutteral snarling
sound emanating from the ship's speakers. It almost sounds like a language, but
it's nothing you've ever heard before, and the ship's computer cannot pinpoint a
source.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I'd love to go out of comms but not sure
that is up."
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Hello
pilots, as you travel to the bubble or one of our two asteroid hauling stations,
remember to stay safe, keep a check on your charge and please have EAOS credits
on hand for the tolls."
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Current
riftflow conditions are 2044 light-minutes per second from Galactic
Eastsoutheast and Very Slightly Down."
Via general sector communication, Beacon E-02 transmits in a robotic voice,
"Detecting vessel 'RockIt!.' Welcome to The Belt of Orion."
'oh, ok
You say, "Oh, ok."
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the FTL flight control board.
Lily Kaise transfers a toll payment to a local rift accelerator.
The computer announces, "Setting course to Asteroid Beacon Alpha 285. Local rift
accelerator with matching vector found."
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
The formless shifting void gradually acquires a regular crest and fall until,
after several moments, you suddenly realize you are on a wide expanse of ocean.
Tall wooden masts creak above you, and white canvas sails snap in the breeze.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk1
--
Status:             ACTIVE (Automatic Control Engaged)
ETA:                4 minutes and 37 seconds
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       5247 light-minutes per second
Direction:          Galactic Up and Slightly Southsouthwest
Riftflow:           8114 light-minutes per second from Galactic Eastsoutheast
and Very Slightly Down
Time in Riftflow:   2 minutes and 51 seconds
Distance Traveled:  1.69 light-years
Apparent Region:    Human Interalliance Space
--
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
The computer announces, "Autotravel destination reached."
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Welcome
to Asteroid Beacon Alpha 285. Surrounding space is rich with haulable asteroids
and grade 40 to 60 debris chunks. The occasional salvage op might also be held
here and repair, rearm and recharge facilities are frequently present. Your way
home is home beacon Alpha 286. Fly safe!"
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
Lily Kaise presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise removes a bulky asteroid supply cannon from a coral pink silk handbag
embroidered with pastel dragonflies.
take cannon
You remove a bulky asteroid supply cannon from a leather briefcase.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
stand
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
use shooting
You are not currently wearing a spacesuit. Do you wish to suit up now?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You remove spacesuit components from a black flightbag with a red shooting star
on the side and quickly don them.
radio ship
You are not currently connected to any starship's spacesuit radio network.
However, you are automatically connected to any other spacesuit that is very
close.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Someone got the Bubble?"
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Joel still isn't around...I
can go get it done..."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Hold on, I'm at the bubble.
What's going on? Should I get out of here?"
Lily Kaise glides in.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "No."
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "You're fine...the accelerator
is going down though."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
out
You exit the ship.
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
Lily Kaise exits from the two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!".
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Ah okay."
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(17 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(48 seconds roundtime.)
eta
Wait 3 seconds.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(17 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(31 seconds roundtime.)
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
s
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You see a single-use asteroid anchor with an attached line here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
n
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
radio
You are not currently connected to any starship's spacesuit radio network.
However, you are automatically connected to any other spacesuit that is very
close.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Shule, do you happen to have a key to
the cats spares ship?"
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
Lily Kaise presses a large button marked CYCLE.
tra org I do, but I'm out at 285
[Starseekers] Shule Elemmire transmits, "I do, but I'm out at 285."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, and a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a
Tardick lizard named Asteria here.
You can go up and out.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise presses a button to deploy the ship's anchor.
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "The bubble accelerator is going down."
tra org On an asteroid.
[Starseekers] Shule Elemmire transmits, "On an asteroid."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok."
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
sit lily
You sit down on Lily Kaise's lap.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
: turns in your lap to place a gentle kiss on your lips.
Shule turns in your lap to place a gentle kiss on your lips.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 16,166,687.69 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Morris, you got all the
parts you need?"
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 1,271,466.92 credits.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Working on that. You don't
have a key to the cats ship, do you?"
who
There appear to be about 16 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Lily Kaise  (A)
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Angel Martin  (A)
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Johann Rowan  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Corey Matthews  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Liam O'Toole  (M)
Aisling an Sionnach  (M)
Anfisa of Marzore  (M) [v]
Your communicator also reports that there are 2 pilots who were active but
dropped out of communications.
Additionally, there are 12 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 28 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
tra gen Aisling might.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Aisling might."
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Wait, I think I found the part
I need..."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Nope, but I've got keys to
stability's ships if you need anything."
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I might. We'll see. Give me a
few. Trying to work fast."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "You want a hand with the
stations?"
The starship transitions into another sector.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ever been on a constructor
before?"
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
stand
You stand up from Lily Kaise's lap.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
kiss lily
You move to kiss Lily Kaise, but your helmets collide noisily instead.
'oops
You say, "Oops."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oops."
laugh
You laugh.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I've built quite a few
stations, if that's what you mean."
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "No...a constructor...it's an
AEU ship. You'd like it."
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise glides in.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Well no, I haven't."
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
out
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
out
Lily Kaise exits the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
You exit the ship.
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
w
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(16 seconds roundtime.)
l
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You stand on a barren grey surface. Craters, rocks, and small pockets of dust
are all that break the monotony.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
l
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You stand on a barren grey surface. Craters, rocks, and small pockets of dust
are all that break the monotony.
You see a single-use asteroid anchor here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(48 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Just give the word and I'll
come lend a hand. Four hands are better than two."
eta
Wait 15 seconds.
eta
Wait 1 seconds.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(16 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(60 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "We only need one accelerator
for this even though it goes to 288?"
eta
Wait 3 seconds.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
w
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
Some lights on the two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" flash as Lily
Kaise boards it. They flash again as the airlock closes.
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
grin
You grin.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
enter
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, and a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a
Tardick lizard named Asteria here.
You can go up and out.
remove helm
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
You need a free hand to remove a gold spacesuit helmet.
sit pillow
Lily Kaise presses a button to deploy the ship's anchor.
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
hands
You are carrying a secondary pilot command access unit in your right hand, and a
bulky asteroid supply cannon in your left hand.
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately two sectors from its
destination.
put unit in cas
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
You can't put a secondary pilot command access unit in a black engineering tool
case.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
Lily Kaise puts a gentle kiss on your space suit helmet.
put unit in briefcase
You put a secondary pilot command access unit in a leather briefcase.
remove helm
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
Lily Kaise laughs.
sit pillow
You're already sitting.
laugh
You laugh.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 10,968,629.97 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 862,653.53 credits.
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
[Notification from Starseekers] Morris Corlew has used 8 member-designated
megacredits on a large precharged battery module and placed it aboard the
four-person space constructor "Star Constructor".
The starship transitions into another sector.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
stand
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise glides in.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "If you need anything from us
morris, I'm at the module shop, just in case."
The computer announces, "Person detected without complete spacesuit. Cycling
will not proceed."
Lily Kaise places a plain white spacesuit helmet atop her head.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
grin
You grin.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
out
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
out
Lily Kaise exits the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
You exit the ship.
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(19 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(38 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "No, I have all the parts I
need, I think."
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Eve you should just go and
provide sector protection."
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "She's coming."
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(18 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Yeah, I'm already there."
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(59 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Core, basic top, passive
beacon, large battery, and accelerator?"
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
eta
I don't understand that.
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You see a single-use asteroid anchor with an attached line here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yep."
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Thanks."
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "And heading of course."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Got that."
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
The computer announces, "Cycling complete."
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, and a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a
Tardick lizard named Asteria here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up and out.
Lily Kaise presses a button to deploy the ship's anchor.
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately two sectors from its
destination.
remove helm
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "We're not going to make it out
in time...hopefully we'll get close enough for my sensors to see the recharge
station."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Corey, stay put."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh boy that's pushing it."
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
'Yeah, no kidding!
You exclaim, "Yeah, no kidding!"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Glad we didn't attempt to go out there."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Just keep floating around the
bubble? Is that what you mean by stay put?"
Lily Kaise laughs.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "That if you want...or land on
the recharge station. The beacon is going to go down before I can get to it."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I need 8 more points to get the rnge
office."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Alright."
'wow!
You exclaim, "Wow!"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Drat Joel anyway."
'Nice!
You exclaim, "Nice!"
Lily Kaise grins.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "True, but we're here, at
least."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Not yet."
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It's 1000 industry I think, 1000
exploration and 100 command."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Costs a billion."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Nah, I mean, the it's going
to be put up. I know we aren't there."
nod
You nod.
'Sounds about right.
You say, "Sounds about right."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Org has nearly 4200 industry so it's
fine."
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 9,380,743.41 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 737,770.48 credits.
'Nice!
You exclaim, "Nice!"
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Well it's pay!"
Lily Kaise laughs.
'Not that great of a pay out thoughl
You say, "Not that great of a pay out thoughl."
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hopefully this will boost whatever
damage was done today."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Or um yesterday."
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
The starship transitions into another sector.
'oh, we've met our goals again.
You say, "Oh, we've met our goals again."
The starship transitions into another sector.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "'oh I didn't hear that."
The starship transitions into another sector.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Well I'd like to get say ten done and go
back?"
'sure.
You say, "Sure."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Almost halfway."
The starship transitions into another sector.
Lily Kaise presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
nod
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
You nod.
Lily Kaise presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
stand
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Almost missed this one."
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
smile
You smile.
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise glides in.
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
cycle
Lily Kaise places a plain white spacesuit helmet atop her head.
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
out
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
out
You exit the ship.
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
w
[Comet Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(12 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(50 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok...I need a strange
favor...I need someone to run out to Accord and see if I left a module there."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "If so...I'm going to scream."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "It'd be in the sector."
eta
Wait 21 seconds.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "As will I, we sorta need
it."
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Comet Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(14 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(59 seconds roundtime.)
eta
Wait 29 seconds.
eta
Wait 4 seconds.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
w
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
Lily Kaise grins.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
grin
You grin.
remove helm
You probably shouldn't remove that here, unless you wish to experience explosive
decompression or some similar unpleasantness.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
remove helm
The computer announces, "Cycling complete."
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
enter
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, and a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a
Tardick lizard named Asteria here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up and out.
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately four sectors from its
destination.
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
Lily Kaise puts on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
Lily Kaise removes an insulated purple cooler from a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise puts down an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise removes an elegant crystal decanter from a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise puts down an elegant crystal decanter.
wear cannon
You put on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "There's pizza in there but chips and
things too if you've had enough pizza."
Lily Kaise laughs.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately three sectors from its
destination.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
take chips
I see no "chips" here.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
open refrig
Open what?
l
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
The control room is the hub of every starship. Large metal conduits protect
thick bundles of wires carrying information from every part of the ship to this
one location. A large transparisteel viewport provides a view out the front of
the ship, but experienced pilots in space will have eyes only for the large
starmap dominating the right side of the room. Standing before the viewport is
the main control board, providing essential functions like the shipwide power
lever and alert status. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded
back to provide a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as
needed. Though the room is spacious enough for a few others to sit or stand, the
entire architecture of the room is built around the small space before the
control board and the person who will stand there: the starship's pilot. Lights
overhead indicate that the ship is on green status. Looking through the windows,
you see that the ship is at Comet Surface.
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria, an insulated purple cooler, and an elegant crystal
decanter here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow.
You can go up and out.
(You are sitting on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.)
Lily Kaise puts down a plain white spacesuit helmet.
Lily Kaise opens an insulated purple cooler and the light inside clicks on.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a breadstick sprinkled with parmesan and romano
cheeses.
take chips
You remove a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa from an insulated
purple cooler.
eat chips
You take a bite of a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a breadstick sprinkled with parmesan and romano
cheeses.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a breadstick sprinkled with parmesan and romano
cheeses.
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise takes a bite of a breadstick sprinkled with parmesan and romano
cheeses.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately two sectors from its
destination.
eat chips
You take a bite of a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "Good job on
meeting our performance goals!"
'there you go.
You say, "There you go."
grin
You grin.
tra 10 cheer
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] Shule Elemmire cheers.
Lily Kaise beams.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] Lily Kaise transmits, "Thenk you! I do have planets
for you but not today."
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
'Yeah, me too.
You say, "Yeah, me too."
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 30,944,360.27 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 2,433,691.50 credits.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Aoo."
'Nice!
You exclaim, "Nice!"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Woo."
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
'Much better!
You exclaim, "Much better!"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah."
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise activates the long-range scanner and searches for passive detections
and recent ping returns.
Lily Kaise presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
Lily Kaise puts down a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
stand
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
Lily Kaise picks up a plain white spacesuit helmet.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
Lily Kaise smiles.
eta
The ship's current engine speed is 8000 km/s.
At that speed, the ship will arrive at its current autopilot destination in
about 12.0 seconds.
Lily Kaise places a plain white spacesuit helmet atop her head.
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "You guys find your module?"
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise glides in.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
remove cannon
You take off a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
out
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
Lily Kaise takes off a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "No...we're headed back to look
for it. So...might be safest to get yourself to the recharge station and sit
there...because that beacon is going to go down any time."
out
You exit the ship.
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(13 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Aye aye."
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(31 seconds roundtime.)
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(11 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(41 seconds roundtime.)
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "I landed right as it went
down."
[Tactical Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "The bubble beacon is down.
Getting it as soon as I can. It's going to be a bit though...with no
accelerator."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok."
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria, an insulated purple cooler, an elegant crystal decanter,
and a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Pinot
Grigio here.
You can go up and out.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
remove helm
You need a free hand to remove a gold spacesuit helmet.
sit couch
I can't find "couch."
Lily Kaise presses a button to deploy the ship's anchor.
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
sit pillow
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
wear cannon
You put on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
remove helm
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise puts on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Halfway."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "This will at least pad our goals a
little."
nod
You nod.
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I probably will do the accord missions
later today if nobody asks for missions which rarely happens anymore."
nod 'I know. I guess people feel they take too long.
"I know." You nod. "I guess people feel they take too long."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Never know though."
Lily Kaise grins.
grin
You grin.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 6,936,227.74 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 545,515.83 credits.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Keegan will probably want to fly stuff
for combat for his org."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "And that was pretty sorry."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Corey, sit tight. This is
going to take awhile. I'm so used to Joel taking care of these, I didn't even
think about it until I saw it was on emergency power."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "At least that station has
trickle charge."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "It's alright. I'm landed at
the recharge station safe and sound."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I guess Morris is going to learn how to
coordinate things."
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
'Yeah, aparently.
You say, "Yeah, aparently."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Do me a favor...check the
charge on that station?"
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Tell me which button or
control to look at and I will."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "There's a CHARGE readout."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Up in the control room."
The starship transitions into another sector.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Oh gotcha. I'll check."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Just press the power button in
the control room."
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
Lily Kaise kisses you.
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
stand
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "The flow is almost directly in
our faces...so we'll be a bit."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "1 day, 3 hour, 24 minutes,
and 3 seconds."
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
Lily Kaise glides in.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok, that's about what I
thought. Thanks."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "When the flow is in your face
that could mean trouble."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Sure."
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
Lily Kaise exits the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
out
w
You exit the ship.
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You need to be holding a bulky asteroid supply cannon to use it.
remove cannon
You take off a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
wear cannon
You put on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
remove cannon
You take off a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(13 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "It does...we have a beacon
down and I'm on the way to it, going under 600 light minutes per second."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah laughs.
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(60 seconds roundtime.)
eta
Wait 24 seconds.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I don't know what kind of
charge you have on there, or if you need a nap...but if you wanted, you could
come back to 286 I think...you just won't have the accelerator."
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(11 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(52 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "I may nap for just a bit.
Maybe I'll read some of these books I've been collecting."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok. I'll keep you updated,
though."
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
eta
I don't understand that.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Awesome. Thanks."
w
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I don't have an ETA,
unfortunately as I don't have autotravel. We're doing this the old fashioned
way. But at least the broadcaster is on the station that's still up."
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
Lily Kaise presses a large button marked CYCLE.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
The computer announces, "Cycling complete."
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria, an insulated purple cooler, an elegant crystal decanter,
and a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Pinot
Grigio here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up and out.
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately two sectors from its
destination.
remove helm
You need a free hand to remove a gold spacesuit helmet.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
wear cannon
You put on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
Lily Kaise puts on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
Lily Kaise picks up a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
use decanter
You examine an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
What would you like?
[1] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio
[2] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards White Zinfandel
[3] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Reserve Pinot Noir
[4] Cafe Pepe (Secret Recipe) Sangria
[5] Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Extra-Dry Prosecco
Enter your selection:
2
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
You help yourself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel.
hands
You are carrying a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel in your right hand, and a basket of homemade corn
chips and spicy salsa in your left hand.
eat chips
Your helmet prevents this.
drop chips
You put down a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
remove helm
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
put helm in shooting
You put a gold spacesuit helmet in a black flightbag with a red shooting star on
the side.
take goblet
You already have a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel.
take chips
You pick up a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
eat chips
You take a bite of a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
eat chips
You take a bite of a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
eat chips
You finish off a basket of homemade corn chips and spicy salsa.
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
hands
You are carrying a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel in your right hand.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel.
Lily Kaise finishes off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel.
Lily Kaise puts a goblet in a small lavender trash bin.
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 14,203,097.02 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 1,117,035.75 credits.
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Was that the sixth one?"
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise examines an elegant crystal decanter for a moment.
Lily Kaise helps herself to a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
'I think so.
You say, "I think so."
drink goblet
You take a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel.
The starship transitions into another sector.
drink goblet
You finish off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards White Zinfandel.
Lily Kaise laughs.
put goblet in trash
You put a goblet in a small lavender trash bin.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
stand
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
Lily Kaise puts down a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise places a plain white spacesuit helmet atop her head.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
wear helm
You can't wear a tiny gold spacesuit helmet.
take helm from shooting
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from a black flightbag with a red shooting
star on the side.
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise glides in.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
out
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
out
Lily Kaise exits the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
You exit the ship.
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
w
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You need to be holding a bulky asteroid supply cannon to use it.
remove cannon
You take off a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(11 seconds roundtime.)
l
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You stand on a barren grey surface. Craters, rocks, and small pockets of dust
are all that break the monotony.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm just guessing...and it
will depend on if the flow speeds up, but it's probably going to be at least
four hours."
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(58 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "We might as well be
crawling."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Not quite."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Damn. Not your fault though,
shit happens. But it sounds like I won't be doing much more out here this
morning."
eta
Wait 4 seconds.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(14 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(40 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Elizabeth Beckman transmits, "What's your speed and how
far have you gone already?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "If you think you can steer
back into that recharge station, feel free to continue what you were doing. But
that depends on your confidence in your steering. Setting the course to 180, -20
should get you there easily enough, but no guarantees."
eta
Wait 7 seconds.
eta
I don't understand that.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
w
[Metal-rich Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
entter rock
I don't understand that.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "611 light minutes per second
and getting a bit faster...slowly...and we've been going for 15 minutes. We've
gone a little under a light year. So probably about 4 hours ETA."
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "Ouch."
Your suit radio crackles briefly, then:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ouch, poor Corey."
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Blame Joel."
The computer announces, "Cycling complete."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria, an insulated purple cooler, an elegant crystal decanter,
and a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise Vineyards Pinot
Grigio here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up and out.
Lily Kaise presses a button to deploy the ship's anchor.
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
remove helm
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately two sectors from its
destination.
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
wear cannon
You put on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah laughs. "Don't worry, I am."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "I'm not that confident in my
steering. I got some practice on the last expedition but I don't think I'm ready
to brave my abilities just yet."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I guess Morris will have learned a good
lesson there. To keep track of when stations go down."
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oer more like about to and not when they
go down."
Lily Kaise puts on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
Lily Kaise picks up a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers Paradise
Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
'Or he'll just keep blaming Joel for it.
You say, "Or he'll just keep blaming Joel for it."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah which is unfortunate."
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
'So productive, the blame game is.
You say, "So productive, the blame game is."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "If he wants to assume this sort of work,
one needs to keep a running list."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 29,920,567.34 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 2,353,172.92 credits.
'Nice!
You exclaim, "Nice!"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I did because I had quite a few and so I
just jotted down when they were installed, how much power so I'd know when to
setup the replacements."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "This is bad. Four hours on a
ship, with nothing to do...I can hear ssn calling my name. This is bad, very
bad."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Yeah definitely!"
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Our constructor needs a rift
forecaster."
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "It's not bad! It's a great way
to buy presents for everyone!"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew laughs.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "That's the bad part. I'm
obsessed with SSN. I've gone a whole day without watching!"
The starship transitions into another sector.
tra org Ok, I might be able to get it for the org.
[Starseekers] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Ok, I might be able to get it for the
org."
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok we'll do 4 more counting this."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
tra gen I like presents.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "I like presents."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "It would help me know what this flow is
going to do and get a better ETA."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So one extra won't hurt if we didn't
count right."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "This is a mess."
Lily Kaise grins.
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "So do I."
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise takes a sip of a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
Lily Kaise finishes off a large crystal gold-trimmed goblet of Cape Myers
Paradise Vineyards Pinot Grigio.
out
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
hdands
I don't understand that.
Lily Kaise glides in.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I like presents...but not dog
food..."
Lily Kaise places a plain white spacesuit helmet atop her head.
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
out
Lily Kaise exits the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
You exit the ship.
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
w
[Comet Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You need to be holding a bulky asteroid supply cannon to use it.
remove cannon
You take off a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(20 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(43 seconds roundtime.)
eta
Wait 13 seconds.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Comet Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(20 seconds roundtime.)
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator chirps quietly as it receives a
new notice.
read comm
Wait 10 seconds.
rea comm
Wait 7 seconds.
rea comm
Wait 5 seconds.
rea comm
Wait 4 seconds.
rea comm
Wait 3 seconds.
rea comm
Wait 2 seconds.
rea comm
Wait 1 seconds.
rea comm
I don't understand that.
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
read comm
You glance at your communicator's screen.
You have one mail message.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(32 seconds roundtime.)
tra gen I'v got mail!
Wait 19 seconds.
tra gen I'v got mail!
Wait 10 seconds.
tra gen I'v got mail!
Wait 7 seconds.
tra gen I'v got mail!
Wait 4 seconds.
tra gen I'v got mail!
Wait 3 seconds.
tra gen I'v got mail!
Wait 1 seconds.
tra gen I'v got mail!
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "I'v got mail!"
w
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
Your suit radio crackles briefly, then:
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "I don't have mail!"
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
Lily Kaise laughs.
'awww
You say, "Awww."
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria, an insulated purple cooler, and an elegant crystal
decanter here.
You can go up and out.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise presses a button to deploy the ship's anchor.
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
remove helm
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise puts on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
-lily You've got me. I'm your male. Oh, wrong mail.
You say to Lily Kaise, "You've got me. I'm your male. Oh, wrong mail."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Woo."
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "That works!"
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 20,339,907.74 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 1,599,679.56 credits.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Wow now that was good."
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok three more."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Nice roid."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I do feel sorry for Morris."
'Me too
You say, "Me too."
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "And Corey especially and Evenia."
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
tra org Yep, shooting up those asteroids.
[Starseekers] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Yep, shooting up those asteroids."
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew laughs. "Yep."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I've endured those long treks."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
stand
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise places a plain white spacesuit helmet atop her head.
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise glides in.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
out
You exit the ship.
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
Lily Kaise exits from the two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!".
w
[Comet Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Liam, you shouldn't have
said anything about gifts..."
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(17 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Sure I should have!"
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "Nissi wants one, too!"
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I don't think you will
approve."
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(34 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Liam O'Toole transmits, "What are you getting?"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I blind dialed SSN, and
gifted it to you. It's um..."
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah laughs.
e
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Comet Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(19 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "You both have gifts on the
way."
use cannon
Wait 3 seconds.
use cannon
Wait 2 seconds.
use cannon
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(43 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "What else are we going to do
as we crawl along through the rift?"
[General Communication] Soraya Rhyz transmits, "Is it a weird felo-shaped sex
toy?"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah laughs.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew bursts into a mad fit of gasps.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 12 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 10 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 9 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 8 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 7 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 6 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 5 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 4 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 3 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 2 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
Wait 1 seconds.
tra gen You could sing songs.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "You could sing songs."
w
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Morris is throwing snowballs
at Kulta!"
tra gen Run around in circles?
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Run around in circles?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Morris has bad aim!"
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
enter
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
[General Communication] "Really Morris?" Evenia Callseah snickers.
enter
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria, an insulated purple cooler, and an elegant crystal
decanter here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up and out.
Lily Kaise presses a button to deploy the ship's anchor.
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
sit remove
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
I can't find "remove."
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
remove helm
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
wear cannon
You put on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
Lily Kaise puts on a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
tra gen You could recite poetry.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "You could recite poetry."
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hmm...Is Nicolette around?"
Lily Kaise tickles you!
chuckle 'They're ignoring me.
You chuckle. "They're ignoring me."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yup they're like..."
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 10,832,553.84 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 851,951.50 credits.
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
Lily Kaise places a plain white spacesuit helmet atop her head.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
out
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise glides in.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
out
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
Lily Kaise exits the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
out
You exit the ship.
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
w
[Comet Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You need to be holding a bulky asteroid supply cannon to use it.
remove cannon
You take off a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(20 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(32 seconds roundtime.)
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Comet Surface]
e
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
[Comet Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(11 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(51 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Sadness is depression and
happiness elation, I'll be so happy when we're at the Bubble to put up this
station!"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah laughs!
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 32 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 26 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 24 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 18 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 15 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 13 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 11 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 9 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 8 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 7 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 6 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 5 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 4 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 3 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 2 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 1 seconds.
tra gen chuckle morris
Wait 1 seconds.
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
tra gen chuckle morris
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire chuckles at Morris Corlew.
w
[Comet Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
Lily Kaise smiles.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
The computer announces, "Cycling complete."
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria, an insulated purple cooler, and an elegant crystal
decanter here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up and out.
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
remove helm
You remove a gold spacesuit helmet from your head.
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 8,867,763.18 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 697,425.95 credits.
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Last one."
Lily Kaise grins at you.
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The starship transitions into another sector.
The computer reports the presence of an asteroid.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid (nearest).
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
stand
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise smiles.
Lily Kaise places a plain white spacesuit helmet atop her head.
smile
You smile.
wear helm
You place a gold spacesuit helmet atop your head.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go enter into the ship.
You feel mild acceleration as the ship descends toward an asteroid.
Lily Kaise glides in.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
The computer announces, "Beginning cycling."
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from green to yellow. Through
your suit, you hear the hiss of air quickly leaving the airlock.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
red.
out
You exit the ship.
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
Lily Kaise exits from the two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!".
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(18 seconds roundtime.)
eta
Wait 5 seconds.
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(47 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Elizabeth Beckman transmits, "What's the heading out
there again?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "0, 20."
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and a ribbon shoots
from the barrel to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor
with an attached line.
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
e
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at the asteroid's surface through the scope.
(15 seconds roundtime.)
After a few careful seconds aligning everything in the scope, it flashes the
okay to fire. You pull the trigger and an anchor shoots rapidly from the barrel
of a bulky asteroid supply cannon! You lift off the asteroid's surface slightly,
landing as the anchor finishes securing itself.
use cannon
You raise a bulky asteroid supply cannon to your eye and begin carefully aiming
at a single-use asteroid anchor through the scope.
(32 seconds roundtime.)
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Sorry, was on the phone."
The scope flashes the okay to fire. You pull the trigger and more ribbon line
shoots out to automatically secure itself to a single-use asteroid anchor with
an attached line. It quickly spools itself up, tensioning tightly over your
ship. Hopefully it will hold.
w
[Rocky Asteroid Surface]
The two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" is parked here.
You can go north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, and
southwest.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
cycle
You press a large button marked CYCLE.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
A small light on the airlock control panel turns from red to yellow. Through
your suit, you gradually begin to hear the hiss of air entering the airlock.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
enter
You may not leave the airlock while it is cycling.
The hiss of air slowly fades away into nothingness, and the yellow light becomes
green.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
enter
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria, an insulated purple cooler, and an elegant crystal
decanter here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go up and out.
Lily Kaise presses a button to deploy the ship's anchor.
A sharp crack is heard throughout the ship as the anchors on either side deploy
with explosive force, biting deep into the surface of the asteroid.
The ship's engines fire, and the anchored asteroid gradually begins to move
toward League Asteroid Processing Nuclear Temporary Station.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately two sectors from its
destination.
use shooting
You are currently wearing portions of a spacesuit. Do you wish to unsuit now?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You remove the components of your spacesuit and place them neatly into a black
flightbag with a red shooting star on the side.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise removes a plain white spacesuit helmet from her head.
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
Lily Kaise puts a plain white spacesuit helmet in a light purple flightbag with
a pastel kitten on the side.
put cannon in briefcase
You put a bulky asteroid supply cannon in a leather briefcase.
Lily Kaise puts a bulky asteroid supply cannon in a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise removes the components of her spacesuit and places them neatly into a
light purple flightbag with a pastel kitten on the side.
The computer reports that the asteroid is approximately one sector from its
destination.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Blake, when you get the gift
I just sent you, please don't kill me."
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
Lily Kaise laughs.
The computer reports that the asteroid is less than one sector from its
destination.
laugh
You laugh.
As the asteroid falls into the station's collection bay, your ship detaches and
heads for the docking bay.
You receive 6,815,986.67 League credits for this asteroid!
Your income is deferred until the temporary station's storage module is
transferred to a spaceport.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!". The organization has earned 536,059.19 credits.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise glides out.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I want to check the other stations power
levels."
nod
You nod.
'ok
You say, "Ok."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "This one has 3 days 12 hours plus the
one hour emergency."
nod
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
You nod.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: AEU Salvage Processing
Nuclear Temporary Station.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
Lily Kaise begins the docking sequence.
Lily Kaise glides out.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok 7 days and 18 hours on this one."
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
'That's quite a it still.
You say, "That's quite a it still."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Might as well check them all."
Lily Kaise nods.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Next week early."
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: AEU Passively Beaconed
Fusion Message Beacon.
808,334.38 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
548,431.50 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
469,037.17 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
[Notification from Starseekers] Shule Elemmire has automatically contributed
1,547,218.01 AEU credits.
346,811.39 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
710,154.85 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
[Notification from Starseekers] Shule Elemmire has automatically contributed
1,496,028.37 AEU credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Shule Elemmire has automatically contributed
1,016,995.39 AEU credits.
541,627.69 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
443,388.16 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
340,799.33 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
You have gained an accumulated 150,430,920.01 credits, approximately, from
temporary space station activities.
Lily Kaise begins the docking sequence.
points
Point Totals:
  Industry:           6039.5 
  Space Combat:       5490.8 
  Ground Combat:      1552.7 
  Exploration:        3299.4 
  Aggregate:          16332
  Teslapoints:        994
  Org Contribution:   20.0%
For a more detailed breakdown of your license points, visit any point center and
get a summary!
Lily Kaise glides out.
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "Hi."
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Heya Mel."
[General Communication] Elizabeth Beckman transmits, "Hey."
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
tra gen Hi Mel.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hi Mel."
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Hey Mel."
Lily Kaise begins the docking sequence.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Hey."
Lily Kaise glides out.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok the accelerator has Power Plant
Lifetime Remaining: 4 days, 7 hours, 46 minutes, and 30 seconds."
'ok
You say, "Ok."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "The beacon has 21 days."
'wow, ok
You say, "Wow, ok."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well it's on the fusion plant which
provides roughly 45 days."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "The beacon that is."
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise smiles.
uddle lily
I don't understand that.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
points
Point Totals:
  Industry:           6039.5 
  Space Combat:       5490.8 
  Ground Combat:      1552.7 
  Exploration:        3299.4 
  Aggregate:          16332
  Teslapoints:        994
  Org Contribution:   20.0%
For a more detailed breakdown of your license points, visit any point center and
get a summary!
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Wow it's 286 right? I had a sudden lapse
of memory there."
Lily Kaise laughs.
nod 'Yeah
You nod. "Yeah."
'It's ok
You say, "It's ok."
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the FTL flight control board.
The computer announces, "Setting course to Home Beacon Alpha 286. Local rift
accelerator with matching vector found."
Something deep inside the starship roars to life as the lights dim sharply.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh just remember home."
A wormhole suddenly appears in front of the ship, its edges tinged an unusual
deep purple. Strange undulating shapes are half-visible deep inside it.
A thick undulating mist suddenly seems to rush toward the starship from every
direction, quickly blotting out the stars. Random shapes, some half-familiar,
occasionally form in the mist only to disappear almost immediately.
Lily Kaise laughs.
nod
You nod.
The starship has left a unique area of space.
grin
You grin.
You mentally sigh in relief as you return to the starship.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
-lily I love you.
You say to Lily, "I love you."
rift status
--
Fienstein Rift Drive Mk1
--
Status:             ACTIVE (Automatic Control Engaged)
ETA:                2 minutes and 47 seconds
Riftsail Trim:      100%
Ship's Speed:       3784 light-minutes per second
Direction:          Galactic Down and Slightly Northnortheast
Riftflow:           8469 light-minutes per second from Galactic Eastsoutheast
and Very Slightly Down
Time in Riftflow:   7 minutes and 33 seconds
Distance Traveled:  3.25 light-years
Apparent Region:    Human Interalliance Space
--
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
-lily I love you babe.
You say to Lily, "I love you babe."
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "I love you Hun."
smile lily
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
You smile at Lily Kaise.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Org has 4196 industry now as it got 20
more points."
A formless mist suddenly swirls outside the viewports, then is rapidly sucked
forward into a bright wormhole in front of the ship. The wormhole blinks out of
existence, and the ship is suddenly in normal space.
The computer announces, "Autotravel destination reached."
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits,
"Greetings. There is a sector within the standard beacon network towards
Galactic East."
Lily Kaise makes a selection on the AutoVector control board.
Lily Kaise presses a button, calling up the coordinate rundown, and studies it
for a moment.
Lily Kaise glances at the computer's current coordinates display.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
The starship transitions into another sector.
Lily Kaise presses a button to cancel the current autopilot program.
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Hello
pilots, as you travel to the bubble or one of our two asteroid hauling stations,
remember to stay safe, keep a check on your charge and please have EAOS credits
on hand for the tolls."
Via general sector communication, a temporary space station transmits, "Current
riftflow conditions are 2115 light-minutes per second from Galactic
Eastsoutheast and Very Slightly Down."
Proper in-sector coordinates not reached.  AutoVector program aborted.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the FTL flight control board.
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
New Earth rotates through space before you, a startingly verdant planet, colored
in greens and blues with pure white clouds.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh."
Via general sector communication, New Earth transmits, "Hello there, RockIt!!
Welcome to home space!"
'Belt management?
You ask, "Belt management?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oops let's go check belt management."
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the FTL flight control board.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Youscare me."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
This asteroid belt is unusually close to its star, and the slowly rotating
asteroids glitter brightly in the sunlight.
Via general sector communication, Space Station Delta transmits, "Hello there,
RockIt!! Welcome to home space!"
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid Belt
Management Station.
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
stand
Lily Kaise picks up a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria.
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
Lily Kaise puts on a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Don't want to forget our little friend."
'nope
You say, "Nope."
Lily Kaise begins the docking sequence.
Lily Kaise glides out.
out
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[Asteroid Belt Management Station]
The four-person mule "Liberator", the two-person medium transport "Grey Sky",
the scout "Pathseeker", the vostok-class capsule "Bolt", and the two-person
hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!" are parked here.
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go nowhere.
Lily Kaise exits from the two-person hardened asteroid hauler "RockIt!".
use menu
Use what?
menu
--
Asteroid Belt Station Management
--
 - RUNNING AUTOMATICALLY -
Pending Belt Management Points: 16.6
Salary Owed: 5,635,875.00
--
[1] Collect Points
[2] Pay Salary
[3] Toggle Automatic
[4] View Log
[5] Clear Log
[6] Manage Shift Orders
[7] View Parts
[8] Hire New Employee
[9] View Employees
[10] Fire Employee
Enter your selection:
8
The following potential new hires are currently applying to work at your belt
station:
[1] Marquis Leblanc (Prod: 59 Care: 71 Sal: 65,000.00)
[2] Bernardo Wolfe (Prod: 43 Care: 73 Sal: 58,000.00)
[3] Estevan Serrano (Prod: 52 Care: 60 Sal: 56,000.00)
[4] Hire Nobody.
Enter your selection:
4
Done. Nothing will arrive in six hours and it will do no work.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
enter rock
[Starship "RockIt!"; Control Room]
You see a small lavender trash bin, a large purple and lavender paisley floor
pillow with thick gold fringe, a large white and dusky pink paisley floor pillow
with thick silver fringe, a small pink ball containing some crinkly paper, a
very soft quilted light purple sleeping mat with a large lavender bed pillow, a
large turquoise quilt with an appliqued magenta and white lotus blossom design,
and a large silky sapphire quilt embroidered with purple and pale purple
dragonflies on it, an insulated purple cooler, and an elegant crystal decanter
here.
You can go up and out.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
sit pillow
You sit down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick gold
fringe.
Lily Kaise sits down on a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Ok anywhere else?"
'Ouch, terrible applicants! Go work for someone else!
You exclaim, "Ouch, terrible applicants! Go work for someone else!"
Lily Kaise laughs.
'nope, don't think so.
You say, "Nope, don't think so."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah same."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok."
Lily Kaise begins the launch sequence.
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the FTL flight control board.
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
New Earth rotates through space before you, a startingly verdant planet, colored
in greens and blues with pure white clouds.
Via general sector communication, New Earth transmits, "Hello there, RockIt!!
Welcome to home space!"
Lily Kaise presses a button and brings up the starship's navigation controls.
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: New Earth.
You notice Lily Kaise using the radio to ask for landing clearance.
Lily Kaise stands up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with
thick gold fringe.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Hello, RockIt!. We read your AEU
transponder. You are cleared to land at the city of New Phoenix."
Lily Kaise picks up an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise closes an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise puts an insulated purple cooler in a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
The computer informs you that you have mail waiting, which may be picked up at
New Earth; Spaceport Mail Room.
stand
You stand up from a large purple and lavender paisley floor pillow with thick
gold fringe.
Lily Kaise picks up an elegant crystal decanter.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
Lily looks around the control room.
Lily Kaise pulls a large lever towards her.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Guess that's all."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise glides out.
out
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
[Starship "RockIt!"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
The one-person runabout "Angel Wings" and the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "RockIt!" are landed here.
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
enter dove
You key in a transport of William Dove to your location.
The five-person A.S.S. tactical platform "William Dove" is slowly brought in
aboard an automated flatbed, then lowered to the floor.
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just boarded the ship.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
out
out
w
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
The one-person runabout "Angel Wings" and the five-person A.S.S. tactical
platform "William Dove" are landed here.
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
w
[New Earth; Spaceport Bridge]
You see a trash can and a long white plasteel bench here.
You can go east and west.
w
se
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You can go northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, and west.
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You see a trash can here.
You can go north, northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, west, northwest,
and down.
Please do not enter so many commands at once.
check
Check what?
se
[New Earth; Spaceport Mail Room]
You can go northwest and down.
check
The postal machine informs you that you have mail waiting.  After some movements
coming from the back room, the conveyor belt coming from the wall swiftly brings
forth a small package. You quickly grab it off the belt.
l package
a small package
This is a package. It is addressed to Shule Elemmire, and was sent by Elizabeth
Beckman.
It is closed.
You open a small package.
Inside it you see a blue vinyl thong.
Your ship 'William Dove' has been automatically moved into a garage.
nw
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You see a trash can here.
You can go north, northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, west, northwest,
and down.
e
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You can go northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, and west.
e
[New Earth; Spaceport Bridge]
You see a trash can and a long white plasteel bench here.
You can go east and west.
e
e
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
The one-person runabout "Angel Wings" is landed here.
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
You can't go that way.
enter dove
You key in a transport of William Dove to your location.
The five-person A.S.S. tactical platform "William Dove" is slowly brought in
aboard an automated flatbed, then lowered to the floor.
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
l
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
The control room is the hub of every starship. Large metal conduits protect
thick bundles of wires carrying information from every part of the ship to this
one location. A large transparisteel viewport provides a view out the front of
the ship, but experienced pilots in space will have eyes only for the large
starmap dominating the right side of the room. Standing before the viewport is
the main control board, providing essential functions like the shipwide power
lever and alert status. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded
back to provide a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as
needed. Though the room is spacious enough for a few others to sit or stand, the
entire architecture of the room is built around the small space before the
control board and the person who will stand there: the starship's pilot. The
status lights overhead are currently not receiving power. Looking through the
windows, you see that the ship is at New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad.
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it.
boot
Onboard sensors detect the presence of the following people somewhere aboard the
ship: Shule Elemmire and Lily Kaise.
Eject? [Enter `yes' or `no']
n
Not ejected.
l lily
I see no "lily" here.
s
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered cushion on it, a rattan
floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan pantry cabinet, a white
microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy slate blue ceramic felo
chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling bell, a black plastic tray
of spider chow, Xavier the big silver soldier felo, and Samantha the old large
violet felo here.
Lily Kaise is standing here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
Lily Kaise picks up Samantha the old large violet felo.
Lily Kaise glides north.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go south and out.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise cradles Samantha in her arms.
chuckle package
You chuckle at a small package.
l lily
Lily Kaise
She appears to be 27 years old. She is about five feet and two inches tall and
has fair skin. Her body is thin with attractively curved hips and shapely
calves. She has slender shoulders and slightly larger than average breasts. Her
face is oval and pretty, with a delicate nose and understated chin. Her lips are
lovely and blush pink and occasionally part to reveal a set of pretty teeth.
Beneath a set of arched eyebrows, her eyes are blue-green and almond-shaped. Her
waist-length, straight hair is pale honey blonde and swept up into a thick fall
of loose curls down her back. She has oval pink fingernails.
A small enameled cerulean blue dragonfly pierces her left earlobe and a small
enameled cerulean blue dragonfly pierces her right earlobe.
 She is wearing a pink synthcotton shipsuit with a flaming star printed on the
collar and a pair of sparkly white leather clogs. She is also wearing an orange
and white blessed prayer bracelet around her wrist, a slender bracelet of tiny
tinkling silver bells around her wrist, a neon purple wrist-mounted chronometer,
a solid silver ring engraved with dragonflies, a delicate ring of silver wire
and small purple amethyst crystals, a metallic gold touch einrophone in a
metallic purple reinforced plastic phone holster, a light purple flightbag with
a pastel kitten on the side, and a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly
containing a Tardick lizard named Asteria. Her head, face, both eyes, both
wrists, and both hands are left uncovered.
She is carrying Samantha the old large violet felo in her right hand.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Oh a random gift?"
Lily Kaise laughs.
nod and laugh
You nod and laugh.
give package to lily
You give a small package to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise gives you a small package.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Too funny."
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
'I'I'm not going to useit!
You exclaim, "I'I'm not going to useit!"
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "No?"
Lily Kaise laughs.
l thong
a blue vinyl thong [inside a small package]
This skimpy thong is made of shiny blue vinyl. It has narrow vinyl straps on the
sides and down the back. A mere strip of fabric between the thighs provides
minimal coverage to the private parts.
It covers your groin.
take thong
You remove a blue vinyl thong from a small package.
trash package
You toss your package in a nearby garbage can.
put thong in suitcase
You remove a small suitcase from a leather briefcase for a moment.
You put a blue vinyl thong in a small suitcase.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Vinyl underwear of any sort eek."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It just doesn't seem very appealing to
me."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
-lily doesn't seem quite your style.
You say to Lily, "Doesn't seem quite your style."
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Uh no."
l samantha on lily
Samantha the old large violet felo
This strange, six-legged creature is vaguely cat-like, though its head appears
almost vulpine. It is large in size and covered in average-length, striped
violet fur, possessing a short, sleek tail that slowly flicks back and forth.
The felo's long, thin legs each end in three-toed paws with thick, hooked white
claws visible. A white, square nose sits below a pair of bright green eyes with
horizontal pupils. It is wearing a sparkling diamond collar and a tiny purple
six-legged spacesuit body. It also has a pair of lavender satin tail ribbons
tied in bows.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I prefer softer fabrics like silk and
satin and velvet and such."
'dido.
You say, "Dido."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I almost took samantha with us. I know
she's probably not going to be around that much longer."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
A medium-sized semi-transparent ovoid creature with long dangling tendrils and a
blue glowing interior pulsates gently.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I'm always happy to find her. Was the
same way with Bert and is with Sassie too. Sassie will have a week or so longer
to go than Samantha."
nod 'Totally understandable. I'm sure you want to spend as much time with her as
you can.
"Totally understandable." You nod. "I'm sure you want to spend as much time with
her as you can."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Did you hear anything about when this
expedition of Melinda's is going to occur?"
'No, I have no idea.
You say, "No, I have no idea."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok."
A large semi-transparent cylindrical creature with very long dangling tendrils
and a green glowing interior pulsates gently.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It will be a pretty long trip."
'ok
You say, "Ok."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It takes awhile to get to Gunarsh."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "We'd be able to charge up and get
repairs of the blast chamber."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So that extends the time we can be out."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So it should be pretty cool."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "However, until I get something
confirming from Melinda, I'm not getting my hopes up that much."
nod lily 'Me neither.
You nod to Lily Kaise. "Me neither."
who
There appear to be 12 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Lily Kaise  (A)
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Corey Matthews  (L)
Sean Sloan  (L)
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Elizabeth Beckman  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Melinda Michaels  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Aisling an Sionnach  (M)
Additionally, there are 14 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 26 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "But when Morris said to me that Melinda
would contact me about the trip, then I felt better about it."
tra gen Thank you for the package, Elizabeth.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Thank you for the package,
Elizabeth."
Lily Kaise keys her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise snickers.
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
-lily Don't worry, I'm not going to ask her to model it.
You say to Lily, "Don't worry, I'm not going to ask her to model it."
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "I'm sure she would!"
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I still want to call her Berry."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Crazy berry."
[General Communication] Elizabeth Beckman transmits, "A package for your
package."
[General Communication] Aisling an Sionnach transmits, "Oh dear."
chuckle
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "The Bubble is just over 18
light years out of Orion, correct?"
You chuckle.
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "No, I am not lost. Just trying
to get a better estimate."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah about that or hmm I think 2.34 LTC
or so."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yeah just a little over that."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok, that's what I thought.
Thanks. I couldn't remember if it was closer to 18 or 19."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
'I'm tempted to send her something back just like it.
You say, "I'm tempted to send her something back just like it."
laugh
You laugh.
'But I don't want her to think I'm flirting or something.
You say, "But I don't want her to think I'm flirting or something."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Well I guess it's roughly 2.34
LTC so that comes out to about 18.11 or so Light-Years give or take a little."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok...I was thinking it was
about eighteen and a quarter, so I was close."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I never got an exact distance as we end
up dropping out before I can."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yup."
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Flow is getting a bit
better...we're going more than 200 light-minutes per second faster than we were
when we started over an hour and a half ago."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Just start checking the rift
location display around 18.10 Light-Years albeit those module transporters are a
bit deaf."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Well, we see the flare now and
have for a bit...I'll get the notification for the bubble before the recharge
station."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "And...I'm on the constructor,
not the mod transport. I don't know what the sensors are like on here."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yeah you're getting somewhat
close."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "We've gone just over 7.5
lightyears so far."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "It'll be a bit before you
see it."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hmm those might be better."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yeah, I know."
A short amethyst soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles swims
around a string of light purple plastic kelp.
'Maybe
You say, "Maybe."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "You know I haven't looked at the
status report lately on mine. I should know that stuff."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "The sensors are 115%, so about
the same as my reconnoiter and gem."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yeah not bad."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Nope."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "It's all good, this couch is
comfy, so I can be patient. I'm hungry as hell though."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "But not exploration."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
uddle lily
I don't understand that.
cuddle lily
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Well, no..."
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "But at least they're not
capsule sensors."
Lily Kaise keys her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise chuckles.
chuckle
You chuckle.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Well just trim way down and you
can manage when you're close to your destination if you don't whizz right by
it!"
Lily Kaise keys her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise laughs.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Well, I can steer quite
well..."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "And we should see it from over
4 light years out...the bubble anyway. The beacon not as far out, but still...if
I can see the Bubble, I can find the beacon easy enough."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "The station rather...I have the beacon."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Or the station rather...I have
the beacon."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew chuckles.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yeah beacon went by the by."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs. "Yep."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "And, I am distributing
chocolate pudding, which makes everything much better."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Oh...and Eve gave me pudding!"
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Laugh but yeah you can likely see
the temp statio or stations and the bubble pretty proximate to one another."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "I'm pouting in your general
direction, Eve, I have not ever gotten pudding from you."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I actually forgot I had it."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Good thing, because all I've
had since lunch time was a hurriedly eaten cookie a couple hours ago."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "'uh."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "What pudding?"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah laughs.
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "That sounds... yeah like."
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Actually, it looked more
like you breathed that cookie."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Should always carry some pizza!"
-lily So, should I send somethingg back to Elizabeth like that?
You say to Lily, "So, should I send somethingg back to Elizabeth like that?"
chuckle
You chuckle.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "And yeah, Lily...I've been out
here enough times, I basically know how close they are. I know that if I can't
see the recharge station for one reason or another, I can just steer to the
Bubble and then turn and head back a light-minute or so. No reason I shouldn't
see that station from before the Bubble...but just in case, I will definitely
see it from the Bubble itself."
nod lily 'Pizza always helps.
You nod to Lily Kaise. "Pizza always helps."
Lily Kaise removes an insulated purple cooler from a lavender silk backpack
embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise puts down an insulated purple cooler.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well be careful."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Always have plan B."
-lily I'm kidding. I don't want her to think I'm flirting.
You say to Lily, "I'm kidding. I don't want her to think I'm flirting."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "She would likely take it as a lead on.
Maybe not as more of a joke but Elizabeth will go for anything which will gofor
her."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "She likes men and women."
Lily Kaise grins.
grin
You grin.
-lily I was kidding, babe. I know. I don't want her to think I'm flirting.
You say to Lily, "I was kidding, babe. I know. I don't want her to think I'm
flirting."
You hear Lily Kaise's metallic gold touch einrophone ringing.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "I figured but hey you might have
been curious!"
You hear Lily Kaise's metallic gold touch einrophone ringing.
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
You hear Lily Kaise's metallic gold touch einrophone ringing.
Lily Kaise removes a metallic gold touch einrophone from a metallic purple
reinforced plastic phone holster.
You hear Lily Kaise's metallic gold touch einrophone ringing.
Lily Kaise unlocks a metallic gold touch einrophone with a swipe of her finger.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hey Melinda."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well I don't mind the price tag Mel. But
yes I would like one. I have the one from Space Invaders and would like ot try a
different one and with the charge aspect, that's nice."
A short violet soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles propels
itself through the tank, stirring up tiny particles.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I will say that I don't want one right
away either as I want to get t third long-range sightseer and then put them
allon the platform and let the new plant grow."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Very cool."
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We've met all
our goals! Let's keep up the good work!"
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "No I've always just put the plant in the
main ship and it will grow into the sightseers."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "AP I'm not following you."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh sorry an app yeah you do."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So you have to apply for each one."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah once you've filled out one, it's
not that difficult."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Just have been lazy but I want to
replace the regular ones and sell those back."
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
Lily Kaise puts down Samantha the old large violet felo.
squeze lily
I don't understand that.
squeze lily
I don't understand that.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Sure will."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Halfway. Woo!"
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I appreciate the special consideration.
That's very nice."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "All right then."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metallic gold touch einrophone:
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Seeya."
Lily Kaise places a metallic gold touch einrophone into a metallic purple
reinforced plastic phone holster.
'Shall we go cuddle in bed?
You ask, "Shall we go cuddle in bed?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I ahd asked her about the plant with
sensor enhancement and charge."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Had."
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "It is expensive!"
Lily Kaise laughs.
'I bet!
You exclaim, "I bet!"
'Ready to go cuddle in bed?
You ask, "Ready to go cuddle in bed?"
[General Communication] Luja Garland transmits, "Hello."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Heya."
tra gen Hi Luja.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hi Luja."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Heya Luja."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yup good plan."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Howdy, Luja!"
stretch
You stretch.
hands
You are carrying nothing.
Lily Kaise runs a small silver genetic tester slowly over a wall-sized bubbling
neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral
rocks as the device blinks a light and beeps softly.
Lily Kaise studies a small screen on the device.
s
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered cushion on it, a rattan
floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan pantry cabinet, a white
microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy slate blue ceramic felo
chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling bell, a black plastic tray
of spider chow, and Sassie the old large fuchsia felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
w
[Starship "William Dove"; "Hope"]]
You see a silky electric blue cushion decorated with embroidered pale blue
flowers, a glossy dark violet ceramic felo chow bowl, Kiska the humanoid service
robot, and a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and crimson
aquatic life and round rocks here.
You can go east.
l large aquarium
a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and crimson aquatic
life and round rocks
This is a tank for holding critters!
It is filled with water.
It is open.
Inside it you see a white plastic undersea castle and a plastic wrecked AEU
Soothsayer.
It appears that there are ample food particles in the water.
A short violet soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles, a tiny
sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with fan-like fins, a tiny sleek speckled
amber aquatic creature with fan-like fins, a small sleek speckled amber aquatic
creature with hexagonal fins, a small sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with
rounded fins, a large sleek speckled amber aquatic creature with pentagonal
fins, a small sleek speckled white aquatic creature with frilled fins, a large
sleek speckled crimson aquatic creature with pentagonal fins, a small sleek
speckled violet aquatic creature with pentagonal fins, a small sleek speckled
amber aquatic creature with hexagonal fins, a large sleek speckled crimson
aquatic creature with pentagonal fins, and a large sleek speckled amber aquatic
creature with rounded fins are living in it.
That's twelve creatures, and the tank could probably safely hold three more.
A large sleek speckled crimson aquatic creature with pentagonal fins turns to
look out the glass, its fins moving in circular patterns to hold itself in
place.
e
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered cushion on it, a rattan
floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan pantry cabinet, a white
microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy slate blue ceramic felo
chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling bell, a black plastic tray
of spider chow, and Sassie the old large fuchsia felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
e
[Starship "William Dove"; "Love"]]
You see a silky fuchsia cushion decorated with embroidered gold stars, a glossy
scarlet ceramic felo chow bowl, a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing
crimson and blue aquatic life and round rocks, and Prissy the sleeping big
violet long-haired felo here.
You can go west.
l aquarium
a small bubbling white-lit aquarium containing crimson and blue aquatic life and
round rocks
This is a tank for holding critters!
It is filled with water.
It is closed.
Inside it you see a black plastic undersea castle and a small plastic statue of
a bikini-clad mermaid.
It appears that there are ample food particles in the water.
A tiny startlingly humanoid creature with blue skin and violet split wings, a
tiny startlingly humanoid creature with blue skin and violet butterfly-like
wings, a tiny startlingly humanoid creature with crimson skin and amethyst round
wings, a tiny startlingly humanoid creature with crimson skin and violet
butterfly-like wings, and a tiny startlingly humanoid creature with crimson skin
and violet round wings are living in it.
That's five creatures, and it looks pretty crowded.
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Woo a red grabber fish egg."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Nice."
w
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered cushion on it, a rattan
floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan pantry cabinet, a white
microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy slate blue ceramic felo
chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling bell, a black plastic tray
of spider chow, and Sassie the old large fuchsia felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
pet sassi
You stroke the soft fur of Sassie the old large fuchsia felo.
Sassie the old large fuchsia felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
peer n
You peer north...
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
The control room is the hub of every starship. Large metal conduits protect
thick bundles of wires carrying information from every part of the ship to this
one location. A large transparisteel viewport provides a view out the front of
the ship, but experienced pilots in space will have eyes only for the large
starmap dominating the right side of the room. Standing before the viewport is
the main control board, providing essential functions like the shipwide power
lever and alert status. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded
back to provide a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as
needed. Though the room is spacious enough for a few others to sit or stand, the
entire architecture of the room is built around the small space before the
control board and the person who will stand there: the starship's pilot. The
status lights overhead are currently not receiving power. Looking through the
windows, you see that the ship is at New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad.
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, an insulated
purple cooler, and Samantha the old large violet felo here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go south and out.
[General Communication] Luja Garland transmits, "I don't know what it is, but it
sounds real good!"
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "My first red one. I have violet,
yellow, amethyst, orange and gold."
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, an insulated
purple cooler, and Samantha the old large violet felo here.
Lily Kaise is sitting on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch.
You can go south and out.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it.
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Oo, someone said gold?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Lily, are you the one that has
the Maxwell egg on the market by any chance?"
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok i'm going to bed, jsut checking the
tanks as I like to do before going to bed."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise stands up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made
white and sapphire star quilt on it.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
stand
You stand up from a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white
and sapphire star quilt on it.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "You wouldn't happen to have
a gold tentacle beast egg, would you Lily? I'm chasing a second to breed the
gold ones."
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
s
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered cushion on it, a rattan
floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan pantry cabinet, a white
microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy slate blue ceramic felo
chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling bell, a black plastic tray
of spider chow, and Sassie the old large fuchsia felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
s
[Starship "William Dove"; Living Quarters Block]
You see a large round light purple and dark purple cloth rug, a violet leather
sectional sofa, an antique oak table from Old Earth, a textured plasteel floor
lamp with a cream shade (casting a white-colored glow), a glossy pale pink
ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple trash bin, a small yellow ball containing
a realistic Bari horde noisemaker, a wall-sized bubbling coral pink-lit aquarium
containing violet and blue aquatic life and coral rocks, a small bubbling neon
blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and blue aquatic life and round rocks,
a wall-sized bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing teal and crimson
aquatic life and coral rocks, a black plastic tray of spider chow, Jewel the
large violet glowing felo, and Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
s
[Starship "William Dove"; Living Quarters One]
You see a glossy sapphire blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a dusky pink rattan
cabinet, a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy
deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow,
and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it, a large oval dark purple
and light purple cloth rug, a small oval turquoise rattan table with a glass
top, and a small seashell pink trash can here.
You can go out.
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Nope no maxwells on the market."
undress into suitcase
You remove all of your clothing, placing it carefully in a small suitcase.
lie bed
You lie down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard and
filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle
cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow,
and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "I gave all my extra eggs to
Pierre to share with our crew so not many extras right now."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok. I saw one there yesterday
and didn't know if it might be from you. Smurfette and Rocky had a little
one.recently...Smurfette's skin and Rocky's wings."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "That's all good. But could
you keep me in mind if you find you ever have an extra gold tentacle? I'd pay,
of course."
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Sure will."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Thanks, I appreciate it."
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "It's the black egg not the white
variety."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Yeah, the black."
[General Communication] Tabi Canis transmits, "Everyone should have a tentacle."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I do not want a tentacle."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'd look rather funny with
tentacles..."
[General Communication] Lily Kaise chuckles.
[General Communication] Tabi Canis transmits, "I'm so sorry."
[General Communication] Luja Garland transmits, "Tentacles, as in the ones that
do things to your ship and makes it better?"
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "I'm good on that."
[General Communication] Tabi Canis transmits, "Sure, yeah. That."
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "I just found a Maxwell that is
blue with violet shimmering wings."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Oh, nice."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I would love, tentacles.
Like, more than love."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "See Doc Stavros about that. He
might be able to take care of it for you..."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I'm strange like that
though."
Lily Kaise glides in from the north.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Don't tempt me..."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok ok ok."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Blake, did you get the new
book off the market?"
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise glides out.
Lily Kaise glides in from the north.
Lily Kaise puts down Samantha the old large violet felo.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "I'm fine with only my human
parts. I don't need body modifications of that sort."
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches in from the north.
pet buddy
You stroke the soft fur of Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo purrs softly.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Ok folks good night. Fly safely
Morris and Evenia."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew snickers.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep, sure thing, Eve."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Good night Lily."
[General Communication] Tabi Canis transmits, "Well, there were toys given out a
few years ago. I think for Halloween."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I mean...Lily..."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Nite Corey."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Oh my I'm tired...and Eve has
already dozed off on me..."
[General Communication] Tabi Canis transmits, "Anything new with that book?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "It's on the market."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Oh yeah they still are available
as got one last year haha ok turning down this channel or will never get to
sleep."
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Lily Kaise removes a small suitcase from a lavender silk backpack embroidered
with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise removes all of her clothing, placing it carefully in a small
suitcase.
tra gen Night Corey.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Night Corey."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "If you're asking about the
attempt we were making, it was not successful. Also, I've made another trip back
besides the one I made last night and again nothing."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Night Shule."
[General Communication] Luja Garland transmits, "Who's going to sleep? Night,
that person or those persons!"
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Nite Luja."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "If you were listening, you'd
know."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Night Shule and Lily."
Lily Kaise puts a small suitcase in a lavender silk backpack embroidered with
brightly hued butterflies.
tra gen Night.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Night."
Lily Kaise lies down on a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
cuddle  lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
[General Communication] Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec
transmits, "Always go forward, no choice with rift."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Maybe if I set my rift heading
to 0 -95..."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Wow."
laugh
You laugh.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I have to turn this down."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "But it's actually a bit entertaining
this morning."
nod
You nod.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo rubs up against a white four poster rattan bed
with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of
lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed
pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt on it, purring softly.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches out.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "I love you."
Lily Kaise smiles.
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
-lily I love you too.
You say to Lily, "I love you too."
Lily Kaise gently caresses your neck and shoulders.
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
kiss lily on nek
"Nek," hmm?  Well, better luck next time.
kiss lily on neck
You kiss Lily Kaise softly on the neck.
Lily Kaise kisses you softly on the neck.
Lily Kaise navigates her metallic gold touch einrophone to a text-heavy
application and peers at the screen.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ah the name change was posted. Took long
enough."
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
Lily Kaise removes a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise puts down a soft fuchsia Tardick lizard snuggly containing a Tardick
lizard named Asteria.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "She's still asleep. I know I'll wake up
when I see tht tail flicking haha."
Samantha the old large violet felo rubs up against a small oval turquoise rattan
table with a glass top, purring softly.
grin
You grin.
caress lily on back and waist
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back and waist.
Lily Kaise kisses you softly on the neck.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
kiss lily on neck
You kiss Lily Kaise softly on the neck.
Lily Kaise kisses you softly on the neck.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Too bad you can't transfer a plant to
another ship."
'Yeah, no kidding.
You say, "Yeah, no kidding."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "There's still some in the pot."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Obviously I odn't mean just carry it
from ship to ship but if you want to transfer what's in the pot to another ship
and let it grow."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Then what's in the prior ship would have
to be purged but the plant in here is a decent enogh one."
'Yeah
You say, "Yeah."
Lily Kaise kisses you.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
'But purging a plant isn't that hard to do.
You say, "But purging a plant isn't that hard to do."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So when I deck this out with three
long-range, I'll get the Cats plant."
'Ah, ok
You say, "Ah, ok."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I will be curious to see how the
Exploration Sensors will be when I have those connected."
'Me too
You say, "Me too."
Lily Kaise smiles.
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "Hi all."
[General Communication] Luja Garland transmits, "Hello, Ted."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Heya Ted."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "Yo."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Howdy, Ted."
caress lily on hair back and waist.
You gently caress Lily Kaise's hair back and waist..
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
Lily Kaise gently caresses your shoulders and back..
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Woo! I spy a bubble!"
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Yay!"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Hey I want to cheer for them."
Lily Kaise laughs.
Lily Kaise cheers.
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "Thanks Morris, I may well end
up out there myself in a bit."
grin
You grin.
cheer
You cheer.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "No...wait. The beacon isn't up
yet. It's probably going to be another hour."
Samantha the old large violet felo rubs up against Lily Kaise's leg with a quiet
"Mrrp."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "That's cool, time for me to
wake up and sort a couple of things out."
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "Y'all work to much."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I know how taxing it can be."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew chuckles at Melinda Michaels.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
nod lily 'I'm sure you do.
You nod to Lily Kaise. "I'm sure you do."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "That's the thing, artifacting
isn't work to me, it's relaxing."
'Artifacting is a good dating activity.
You say, "Artifacting is a good dating activity."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I remember when my navigation skills
weren't what they are now and trying to find the area to establish a becan
station and such."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Beacon that is."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I had to spend hours sometimes trying to
find it."
'That'd be tough.
You say, "That'd be tough."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Because nobody suually gave me
headings."
Lily Kaise nods.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs at Emily Ford.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I am too tired for buttons...I
swear..."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "I hope you are not too tired
for stations."
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "See mel, I say that too, and
people laugh at me."
kiss lily on chest
You kiss Lily Kaise on the smooth skin above her breasts.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs. "Not much to do. It's already
almost built."
[General Communication] Blake Madison chuckles.
Lily Kaise smiles at you. "Yeah we sure did a bunch of that early on."
Lily Kaise grins at you.
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "Somebody has to sort goals
out, you benefit too still."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I was so happy to help you out and it
gave us an opportunity to get to know one another and be together."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Just gotta attach all the
modules and the core, then push it out of the constructor. Everything is hooked
up already."
smile lily 'It did.
You smile at Lily Kaise. "It did."
Samantha the old large violet felo rubs up against your leg with a quiet
"Mrrp.".
pet samantha
You stroke the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
'We even had a couple of arguments while artifacting.
You say, "We even had a couple of arguments while artifacting."
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yup."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Just over 5 light-years,
Corey...and Ted. So under an hour, most likely. We've sped up considerably since
we started."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I sure hope we're past that initial
rough stage."
Lily Kaise grins at you.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "That's awesome news man."
grin lily 'I think we are.
You grin at Lily Kaise. "I think we are."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Figured you'd be happy to hear
that."
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "We won't always agree on everything but
it's great that we can generally talk things out."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I am so grateful to you that you do
support me and care and you know I'm here for you and care so much for you."
'I think a lot of that had to do with the fact that my ex's made me jealous of
them and how they interacted with other people.
You say, "I think a lot of that had to do with the fact that my ex's made me
jealous of them and how they interacted with other people."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yup."
smile lily 'I'm glad you're here for me and support me.
You smile at Lily Kaise. "I'm glad you're here for me and support me."
-lily And I'm glad I can trust that you're not going to go sleep around or let
others touch you in.... naughty places.
You say to Lily, "And I'm glad I can trust that you're not going to go sleep
around or let others touch you in.... naughty places."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I've always felt that if you divide your
time and energies amongst more than one intimate companion, there's no quality
there."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "If that is what one prefers, I don't
hold it against them. It's just not for me."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
changelog
Recent Minor Changes:
-----
AI Core equipped ships now have a little bit more information relating to the AI
core.
   Posted 2 days, 2 hours, 5 minutes, and 51 seconds ago
-----
use phone
Your number: 0010-18113
What would you like to do with your metallic gold touch einrophone?
[1] Dial
[2] Manage Contacts (14/32)
[3] Register on Directory
[4] View Missed Calls (0)
[5] Listen to Voicemail (0)
[6] Set Voicemail Greeting
[7] Read Message Boards
[8] Clear Unread Message Board Posts
[9] Newsreader
[10] Space Station Reference
[11] Activate Holovid
[12] Silence
[13] Nothing
Enter your selection:
9
You navigate your metallic gold touch einrophone to a news application.
=================================================
Affiliated Interalliance Press Services Newsfeeds
=================================================
[1] Unread
[2] Recent
[3] Interalliance
[4] AEU
[5] EAOS
[6] Fringe
[7] League
[8] Mutuality
[9] Economy
[10] Sports
[11] Entertainment
[12] Tabloid
[13] Exit
Enter your selection:
1
No unread headlines found!
Return to the category menu? [Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You return your metallic gold touch einrophone to the main screen.
knowledge cesar
Your knowledge of overall experience for all alliances:
   Melinda Michaels has a lot of aggregate points among the League.
   
   Liam O'Toole has the most aggregate points among the Mutuality.
   
   Nissi Valdaire has the most aggregate points among the League.
   
   Ather Jammoa has a high amount of aggregate points among the AEU.
   
   Lily Kaise has the most aggregate points among the AEU.
   
   Eli Grey has a good amount of aggregate points among the AEU.
   
knowledge combat fringe
Your knowledge of starship combat experience among Fringe pilots:
   Clarina Taylor has a good amount of starship combat points among the Fringe.
   
   Blake Madison has a good amount of starship combat points among the Fringe.
   
   Cesar Ysidro has the most starship combat points among the Fringe.
      He is also known for being the best at combat piloting, the best with
mission-related ship kills, the best at combat gunning, and very good with
invading ship kills.
   
knowledge combat aeu
Your knowledge of starship combat experience among AEU pilots:
   Angelica Torres has a good amount of starship combat points among the AEU.
      She is also known for being the best with minor skirmish ship kills, the
best at defending salvage operations, and the owner of an AH-12 AEU
Soothsayer-class Cruiser.
   
   Eli Grey has a good amount of starship combat points among the AEU.
      He is also known for being excellent at combat gunning and the owner of an
AH-12 AEU Soothsayer-class Cruiser.
   
   Shule Elemmire has a good amount of starship combat points among the AEU.
      He is also known for being the best at combat gunning and the owner of an
AH-12b AEU Soothsayer-class Cruiser Mark II.
   
   Ather Jammoa has a high amount of starship combat points among the AEU.
      He is also known for being the best at combat piloting, the best at damage
control, the best with invading ship kills, and the owner of an AH-12 AEU
Soothsayer-class Cruiser.
   
   Lily Kaise has the most starship combat points among the AEU.
      She is also known for being the best at advanced engineering techniques,
the best with mission-related ship kills, very good at combat gunning, and the
owner of an ASS-E7 Allied Starships Modular Tactical Platform.
   
   Kaito Zalmont has not very many starship combat points among the AEU.
      He is also known for being very good with invading ship kills, very good
at combat piloting, and the owner of an AR-7C AEU Pulsar-class Assault Gunship.
   
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We've met all
our goals! Let's keep up the good work!"
l tube in briefcase
a tube of glittery green body glitter [inside a leather briefcase]
A tube of glitter for the skin.
l second tube
a tube of glittery green body glitter [inside a leather briefcase]
A tube of glitter for the skin.
l third tube
a tube of glittery green body glitter [inside a leather briefcase]
A tube of glitter for the skin.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
l briefcase
a leather briefcase
You see nothing special.
It is open.
Inside it you see a fuzzy stuffed bunny, a gold time meter, a brightly-colored
inspirational card, a pair of red chopsticks, a star print guitar pick, a fuzzy
stuffed squid, a can of white paint, a royal blue and gold duratex wrapper, a
lumpy glittery gray bag of snowballs, a starship performance customizer, a light
red linen bag, a yellow linen bag, a can of black paint, an experimental League
storage container, a green felo nametag maker, a first contact kit, a storage
netting, a hand-made blue and red dragon quilt, a small package, a battle mark
eraser, a red plastic food storage container, a small gold plastic box, a bulky
high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky
high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky
high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky high-energy plasma explosive, a hand-held
red star print holovid, a pencil of two-shade shimmery green eyeliner, a tube of
glittery green body glitter, a small cognac leather backpack, an alliance
information assistant, a metal container, a glossy red ceramic felo chow bowl, a
glossy silvery gray ceramic felo chow bowl, a glossy black ceramic felo chow
bowl, a glossy silvery gray ceramic felo chow bowl, a large round woven basket,
a small package, a shiny brass sextant, a deck of Horrible People cards, a can
of silvery gray paint, a leather portfolio, a glossy white ceramic felo chow
bowl, a silky cerulean cushion decorated with embroidered dark red dragons, a
length of air hose, a length of air hose, a length of power feed cable, a sheet
of white paper, a cup, a cup, an unetched steel plaque, a bright orange package,
an oval white rattan serving tray, a package, a bright orange package, a mosaic
star box, a metal container, a deactivated wormhole drive core, a letter, a
shiny brass telescope, a piece of heavy white stationery with a silver AEU logo
at the top, a cardboard box labeled 'Books', a small red ticket bordered in
gold, a can of ocean breeze-scented air freshener, a can of rain-scented air
freshener, a can of meadow-scented air freshener, a black hair care kit, a can
of maple syrup air freshener, a lumpy glittery gray bag of snowballs, a title of
ownership for the one-person runabout "Unicorn", an alien freight lifter, a
family size bag labeled "Low-Grade Dry Felo Chow", a classic rubber chicken, a
clear plastic food storage container, a black laminate filing cabinet, a white
plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on the side, an insulated red
cooler, some coral rocks, a colorful candy necklace, a raspberry ring pop, an
insulated white cooler, a photo of a group of seastars, an insulated blue
cooler, a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril, a photo of Derelict Structure;
Sphincter, a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch, a photo of a clump of
bioluminescent material, a photo of a round protrusion, a photo of a cloud of
dinoflagellates, a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root, a photo of a cluster
of small winged organisms, a tiny gold six-legged spacesuit body, a tiny gold
spacesuit helmet, a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship
wreckage, a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print, a space
imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing material, a
space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere, a pair of skimpy red
strawberry-flavored briefs, a pair of skimpy white cherry-flavored briefs, an
efficient round egg storage container, a hyperspanner, a manual zero-point
energy receptacle charger, an efficient round egg storage container, a gold
jeweled leash, a black leather leash, a silver plastic paper dispenser, a small
black vinyl case, a small suitcase, a decoy beacon launcher, a decoy beacon, a
fine piece of paper with an official header reading "From the founder of Space
Explorers Amidst The Stars", Shule Elemmire's workbench, a secondary pilot
command access unit, and a bulky asteroid supply cannon.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
smile lily 'I'm so glad I ton't have to worry about you flirting with others or
doing anything super naughty with them.
You smile at Lily Kaise. "I'm so glad I ton't have to worry about you flirting
with others or doing anything super naughty with them."
Lily Kaise grins.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well I'm probably considered to be a bit
old-fashioned."
Lily Kaise laughs.
'There's nothing old fashioned about that. That's just good old loyalty.
You say, "There's nothing old fashioned about that. That's just good old
loyalty."
Lily Kaise nods.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I was brought up to believe in certain
values. I look at my parents and others of our family who are happy and
successful and they share those same values."
nod
You nod.
Samantha the old large violet felo rubs up against your leg with a quiet
"Mrrp.".
pet samantha
You stroke the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I didn't expect to find many amongst the
pilot Corps who really cared one way or the other and that is one of the reasons
I hadn't involved myself with someone else."
'I can't really stop others from looking at my significant other, but I'd always
hoped that she'd have the strength to resist their advances.
You say, "I can't really stop others from looking at my significant other, but
I'd always hoped that she'd have the strength to resist their advances."
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well others have been very respectful."
nod
You nod.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
'You also give a clear message that you're hhappily taken.
You say, "You also give a clear message that you're hhappily taken."
grin 
You grin.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It's important to do so."
nod 'I agree.
You nod. "I agree."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "If one isn't happy with their
significant other, it shows."
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
'Absoultely.
You say, "Absoultely."
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I have a feeling I'm not going
to see that recharge station and will have to come into it from the Bubble. I've
had just a tiny bit of drift, and that station doesn't have much of a
signature."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "He should see it."
'Yeah, he should.
You say, "Yeah, he should."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm 2 light-years out of the
Bubble now...so getting quite close."
: gives you a long, lingering kiss.
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "That's extremely close."
Shule gives you a long, lingering kiss.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "You have to be pretty close on though to
see a temporary station without a beacon though."
'true.
You say, "True."
'And I think the beacon itself went down.
You say, "And I think the beacon itself went down."
'along with the accelerator.
You say, "Along with the accelerator."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It did as it's a part of the
accelerator. They should put up a separate Fusion powered beacon."
caress lily on chest
You gently caress Lily Kaise's chest.
nod 'They should.
You nod. "They should."
Lily Kaise gently caresses your tummy.
Lily Kaise grins.
grin
You grin.
Samantha the old large violet felo rubs up against Lily Kaise's leg with a quiet
"Mrrp."
Lily Kaise leans close to you and kisses you softly on the chest.
kiss lily on chest
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ha! Guess what I just
found..."
You kiss Lily Kaise on the smooth skin above her breasts.
[General Communication] Melinda Michaels transmits, "The bubble."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews transmits, "Recharge station?"
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "A dogbot?"
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs. "The station, Mel...I already have
been seeing the Bubble for some time."
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "Wolves in space?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah the Bubble is pretty large."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah laughs.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "There are no wolves in space.
Only dogs."
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "And foxes."
caress lily on tummy
You gently caress Lily Kaise's tummy.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Well, yes...and whales,
dragons, all that stuff."
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Oh I totally forgot to look through
that photo album about the spawning ground. Darn!"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "There is an Eve, as well,
though he's stuck with me in the ship. Poor guy."
'Awww
You say, "Awww."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "Poor you if anyone is poor."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Did you?"
[General Communication] Ted Warburton laughs.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hmm...what does this eject
button do...?"
'Nope, I forgot too.
You say, "Nope, I forgot too."
[General Communication] Corey Matthews laughs.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Maybe Akemi will allow me to look
through it at some point."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hey, she shared pudding. I
can't complain."
'Yeah, that'd be cool.
You say, "Yeah, that'd be cool."
Lily Kaise nods.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
caress lily on chest and tummy
You gently caress Lily Kaise's chest and tummy.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Melinda, would you please tell
Evenia that there is a price for pinching my cheeks?"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I am also pinching Morris's
cheek."
Lily Kaise laughs.
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "Which one?"
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Wow?"
laugh
You laugh.
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Depends on which cheek or cheeks?"
laugh
You laugh.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Oi blake, hush you."
Lily Kaise laughs.
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "What. I meant right or left
one."
Lily Kaise laughs.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Sure you did."
laugh
You laugh.
[General Communication] Blake Madison transmits, "I did. What do you think I
am?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I don't even want to think
what that question is supposed to imply..."
: : playfully pinches your butt.
Shule : playfully pinches your butt.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Either do I, so I am staying
perfectly quiet...Well, as quiet as I know how to."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "I should promise Eve chocolate
again..."
Lily pats you playfully on your butt.
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I am holding a can of
chocolate goodness. That will not work."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Less than a light-year. Woo!"
caress lily on chest and tummy
You gently caress Lily Kaise's chest and tummy.
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "I suppose I might head out to
Tesla for a bit."
kiss lily on breast
You kiss Lily Kaise on one of her breasts.
Lily Kaise kisses you on one nipple.
Lily Kaise yawns.
yawn
You yawn.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
'Now look what you made me do!
You exclaim, "Now look what you made me do!"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I'm trying to stay awake until they
arrive at the temp station."
'I figured as much.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Shouldn't be long."
You say, "I figured as much."
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria shifts and then wakes, opening its yellow eyes
slowly.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
grin lily 'Surprised you didn't mind me pinching you.
You grin at Lily Kaise. "Surprised you didn't mind me pinching you."
chuckle
You chuckle.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "You do it ever so often."
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I just don't care for slapping."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Not into spankings."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
grin lily I knew that.
I don't see that here.
-lily I knew that.
You say to Lily, "I knew that."
grin
You grin.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
kiss lily on nipple
You kiss Lily Kaise on one nipple.
Lily Kaise softly licks your other nipple.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria blinks its yellow eyes slowly, utterly
indifferent to its surroundings.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh."
Lily Kaise removes a Tardick lizard named Asteria from a soft fuchsia Tardick
lizard snuggly labeled 'Asteria'.
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in
from the north.
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Asteria's warm scaly skin.
-asteria Hi there
Say to whom?
Lily holds asteria up and smiles.
'Yeah, she woke up.
You say, "Yeah, she woke up."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah I didn't notice."
Lily Kaise puts down a Tardick lizard named Asteria.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "There you go."
smile 
You smile.
Lily Kaise smiles.
-lily I love you so so much.
You say to Lily, "I love you so so much."
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "I love you so much too."
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
beam lily
You beam at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Ok guys step on it! I can barely keep my
eyes open."
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise exclaims in a New Earth accent, "Make that flow go!"
grin
You grin.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
'So, Angel and Kyle.... How did they get married? I didn't think we were allowed
to get married.
You say, "So, Angel and Kyle.... How did they get married? I didn't think we
were allowed to get married."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "They didn't."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Our government didn't acknowledge it."
'But she was alould to hange her last name.
You say, "But she was alould to hange her last name."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah but she had to change it back."
nod 'True, but that was after Kyle retired, right?
"True, but that was after Kyle retired, right?" You nod.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I have never heard of any AEU pilots
being able to marry though."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Some in League have."
'Ah, ok
You say, "Ah, ok."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Like Johann and Natalia but it was only
recent that Natalia changed her name to Markos."
'Ah, ok.
You say, "Ah, ok."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "There have been others. I jsut can't
think of them."
'Well, that answers my question then.
You say, "Well, that answers my question then."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "What question?"
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has contributed to a new League
Rift Accelerating Battery-Powered Temporary Station in Outpost R-400.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
'They made it.
You say, "They made it."
'And put up the station
You say, "And put up the station."
'er, accelerator.
You say, "Er, accelerator."
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok...someone please remind me of the
command to change the label of a station. If it's label I'm going to kick
myself...This is the first time I've ever done it..."
A Tardick lizard named Asteria flicks its tongue out.
[Newbie Help] Evenia Callseah transmits, "That's the one."
[Newbie Help] Nicolette of None transmits, "Start kicking."
[Newbie Help] Blake Madison transmits, "Uh-huh."
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm going to kick myself."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh I didn't see a mesage and probably
because it was posted on Starseekers because of the parts."
[Newbie Help] Morris Corlew laughs.
[Newbie Help] Blake Madison transmits, "Begin kicking."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So sure glad as now I think we can sleep
Love."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
'Yeah, we can.
You say, "Yeah, we can."
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
squeze lily
I don't understand that.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
-lily Good night my love. Rest well and sweet dreams.
You say to Lily, "Good night my love. Rest well and sweet dreams."
Lily Kaise tunes a metachannel FTL communicator.
gen comm
You turn general communication off.
Lily says to you in a New Earth accent, "Rest well too and I love you."
-lily I love you too.
You say to Lily, "I love you too."
Lily Kaise smiles.
smile 'Night.
You smile. "Night."
Lily Kaise kisses you on the lips.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Nite."
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
Lily Kaise strokes a Tardick lizard named Asteria's warm scaly skin.
pet sam
You stroke the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
pet asterai
I don't see that here.
pet asteria
You stroke a Tardick lizard named Asteria's warm scaly skin.
caress lily on hair, back and waist
You gently caress Lily Kaise's hair, back and waist.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches in from the north.
Lily Kaise snuggles up to your shoulder.
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
A Tardick lizard named Asteria trundles slowly out.
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo rears up and plants both pairs of forelegs on
Lily Kaise's leg, then rubs its head against her, purring softly.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches out.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Did you rift back to the Bubble."
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
[Newbie Help] Corey Matthews transmits, "Does a person have to be in the
apartment with you to add them as a resident?"
Prissy the big violet long-haired felo wanders in from the north.
Prissy the big violet long-haired felo stares curiously up at you.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches in from the north.
Prissy the big violet long-haired felo wanders out.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches out.
Prissy the big violet long-haired felo wanders in from the north.
Prissy the big violet long-haired felo wanders out.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters into the area.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins crouches down for a moment.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins wiggles his hairy palps
endearingly.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters out.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches in from the north.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo stares curiously up at you.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters into the area.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins jerks his limbs, springing
into the air briefly.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We've met all
our goals! Let's keep up the good work!"
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches out.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins taps his claws on the
floor.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters out.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches in from the north.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo rubs up against a white four poster rattan bed
with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of
lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed
pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt on it, purring softly.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo rears up and plants both pairs of forelegs on
Lily Kaise's leg, then rubs its head against her, purring softly.
Jewel the large violet glowing felo wanders in from the north.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches out.
Jewel the large violet glowing felo rears up and plants both pairs of forelegs
on your leg, then rubs its head against you, purring softly.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "Good job on
meeting our performance goals!"
Jewel the large violet glowing felo wanders out.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We've met all
our goals! Let's keep up the good work!"
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator beeps insistently as it receives
a new notice.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches in from the north.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo stares curiously up at you.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches out.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 1,106,104.49 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 1,553,459.15 credits.
Lily Kaise blinks heavily and then dozes off.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
2,250,257.00 AEU credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
3,160,354.52 AEU credits.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 1,010,002.59 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 468,439.13 credits.
Sassie the old large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in
from the north.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 422,533.24 credits.
Sassie the old large fuchsia felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 758,738.19 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
2,054,747.46 AEU credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
1,543,575.61 AEU credits.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 257,512.51 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "If The Roid Is Rockin, Don't Come Knockin". The organization has earned
727,564.31 credits.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters into the area.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins wiggles his hairy palps
endearingly.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters out.
[Starseekers] Michael Winters yawns.
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Hi Michael."
Lily Kaise lies back in a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it
and goes to sleep.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "If The Roid Is Rockin, Don't Come Knockin". The organization has earned
457,582.13 credits.
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in
from the north.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "Good job on
meeting our performance goals!"
who
There appear to be 9 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Johann Rowan  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Elizabeth Beckman  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Michael Winters  (F)
Additionally, there are 18 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 27 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
tra org Hello Starseekers.
[Starseekers] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hello Starseekers."
**
 Welcome back to Star Conquest!
**
 Consider voting for Star Conquest at MUD listing sites! Votes help keep new
players coming to the game!
 The Mud Connector: http://www.mudconnect.com/mud-bin/vote_rank.cgi?mud=Star+Con
quest
 Top Mud Sites:     http://www.topmudsites.com/vote-sc.html
**
 TIP: Use the SCORE command to quickly see how many points and credits you've
accumulated!
**
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Hi Shule."
[Starseekers] Michael Winters transmits, "Hello."
read comm
You glance at your communicator's screen.
Notice from the Industrial Whip: Congratulations on making both our goals, the
first with 193.7 %, the second with 114.4 %. Top contributors are Lily with 35.8
%, Kim with 32.7 % and Shule with 25.0 %. It is also nice to see Angel, Kayla
and Jonathan on the contributions list. Industry is still in the lead with 53.2
%, followed by starship combat with 34.6 %, exploration with 12.0 % and ground
combat with 0.1 %. Nicely done, good luck for the next term! [12:25 17 October
2316 GST]
who
There appear to be 10 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Johann Rowan  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Elizabeth Beckman  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Michael Winters  (F)
Additionally, there are 17 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 27 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has gained 684,523.11 credits
for a submission from a battle analysis scanner on AEU Battle-Scanning Nuclear
Temporary Station involving the one-person fighter "Spark Of Hope II" and the
one-person bastille "Blood In The Breeze".
Samantha the old large violet felo rubs up against your leg with a quiet
"Mrrp.".
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
Lily Kaise suddenly awakens.
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
Lily Kaise stretches.
Lily Kaise sits up onto a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
Lily Kaise stands up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped
headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a
soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large
periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
Lily Kaise glides out.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters into the area.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We've met all
our goals! Let's keep up the good work!"
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "If The Roid Is Rockin, Don't Come Knockin". The organization has earned
1,104,014.03 credits.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins crouches down for a moment.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters out.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "If The Roid Is Rockin, Don't Come Knockin". The organization has earned
2,105,269.10 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at AEU
Salvage Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person medium
transport "Iridescent Kitsune". The organization has earned 594,371.08 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "If The Roid Is Rockin, Don't Come Knockin". The organization has earned
1,210,996.02 credits.
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders in
from the north.
Samantha the old large violet felo hums melodically to itself as it wanders out.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
who
There appear to be 16 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Lily Kaise  (A)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Luja Garland  (L)
Damien Goss  (L)
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Melinda Michaels  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Klaus Stein  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Michael Winters  (F)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Blake Madison  (F)
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec  (M)
Additionally, there are 13 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 29 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Afternoon."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Hi, Morris, how are you today?"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Fine, fine. Was trying to get laundry
done so I could go help with the op station and repair they're wanting to put
up."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Oh, they want to set up another op
station?"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Cool!"
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "I never asked, how did it go with the
scoop station, or didn't you get to that yet?"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "It's giving us 4 megacreds per day."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Where is it, and what modules?"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Also, I had to run out and put the
Bubble beacon up last night...with no beacon and no accelerator."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Oh, darn."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "How did it go?"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Olivia's...solar panels and the highest
scoop we could get."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Fine."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Hmm, maybe that scoop is not as suitable
for olivia. But I am guessing."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "It should, from the point requirements."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Right."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "We can try back at Tempesas in a couple
weeks if you want and see if that brings it up to 5."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "It also could have something to do with
our unity being low, but I am not certain. At least we are getting some
megacredits."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "And yes, we can try that. Either way, 4
megacredits a day is still better than none."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep. We got 3 on it when I put it up
before. Which reminds me...I upped my points contribution...it's 5% now...won't
help us all that much, but it'll help compared to the miniscule amount I was
doing before."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Everything helps, Morris."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Although 0.1%...not that much."
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 2,084,131.78 credits.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew laughs.
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Oh, wow, well, I just brought in a good
rock."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "I saw that."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "42 milion, amazing."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Wow!"
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "I also had a few 5 and 8 milion rocks
earlier."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Making up for it, then."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "I guess so."
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "If The Roid Is Rockin, Don't Come Knockin". The organization has earned
508,296.58 credits.
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator chirps quietly as it receives a
new notice.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 593,871.50 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Morris Corlew has used 1 member-designated
megacredits on a temporary space station core module and placed it aboard the
four-person space constructor "Herding Cats".
[Notification from Starseekers] Morris Corlew has used 8 member-designated
megacredits on a large precharged battery module and placed it aboard the
four-person space constructor "Star Constructor".
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "Good job on
meeting our performance goals!"
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 580,401.97 credits.
[AEU | 4: Sector Status] AEU Repairing Battery-Powered Temporary Station at
Asteroid Beacon Alpha 285 is now online!
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has contributed to a new AEU
Repairing Battery-Powered Temporary Station in Asteroid Beacon Alpha 285.
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Kim Saunders transmits, "Hi Lily, I just came
past your ship."
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Haha yeah just put up
the repair and charger for the Op station and others."
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Kim Saunders transmits, "I saw. I came past
with my hauler."
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has contributed to a new League
Deep Space Operations Battery-Powered Temporary Station in Asteroid Beacon Alpha
285.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 947,714.65 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "If The Roid Is Rockin, Don't Come Knockin". The organization has earned
1,004,863.32 credits.
A metallic gold touch einrophone beeps quietly for attention, indicating a new
post in OOC/General/All.
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator chimes softly as it receives a
new notice.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
4,239,953.97 AEU credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
1,208,171.12 AEU credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
1,180,768.72 AEU credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
1,928,029.00 AEU credits.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hey Kim, do you remember how many
lifters were originally on the constructor?"
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Uh, no. Not very many. Maybe just 3 or
so.But I'm guessing."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok. Thanks."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "As ong as you make sure a few are there,
in case something needs to be moved."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Ok...now to distribute these."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew sighs.
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Hmm, yeah, each module transport usually
has at least 7 lifters on it."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "That helps tremendously. Thanks."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "You're welcome."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Since any station can not have more than
7 parts regardless, that is why I come to that figure."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Howdy, Angel."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Hi Angel. How are you today?"
tra org Hi Angel.
[Starseekers] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hi Angel."
**
 Welcome back to Star Conquest!
**
 Consider voting for Star Conquest at MUD listing sites! Votes help keep new
players coming to the game!
 The Mud Connector: http://www.mudconnect.com/mud-bin/vote_rank.cgi?mud=Star+Con
quest
 Top Mud Sites:     http://www.topmudsites.com/vote-sc.html
**
 TIP: Your hair will grow over time, as will your beard... unless you're a girl,
then hopefully you do not have to worry about the beard. If you hate your beard,
Beard-B-Gone is also available.
**
orgwho
There appear to be 22 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec  (NVDR)
Angel Martin  (STAR)
Kim Saunders  (STAR) [m]
Shule Elemmire  (STAR) [m]
Michael Winters  (STAR)
Morris Corlew  (STAR)
Lily Kaise  (SEAS)
Soraya Rhyz  (CATS)
Nicolette of None  (CATS)
Zandria Marschaund  (CATS)
Sakura Arakida  (CATS)
Melinda Michaels  (CATS)
Karasi Valhannon  (CATS)
Johann Rowan  (LIBS)
Klaus Stein  (MORN)
Ali Candan  (MORN)
Damien Goss  (STAB)
Ted Warburton  (STAB)
Corey Matthews  (STAB)
Keegan Wantz  (RUNE)
Rogue Romano  (RUNE)
Luja Garland  (none)
Additionally, there are 9 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 31 pilots.
NVDR == Space Invaders
STAR == Starseekers
SEAS == Space Explorers Amidst The Stars
CATS == Business Cats
LIBS == Allied Libertarians
MORN == Morning Star
STAB == Spatial Stability
RUNE == Risoluto E Unisono Noblezza Espressione
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Hi again Shule."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Evening, Shule."
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at AEU
Salvage Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person medium
transport "Iridescent Kitsune". The organization has earned 537,366.92 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 346,290.84 credits.
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Pitiful, 7 milion for 7 sectors out."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "That's why I usually don't autovec
anymore."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "But then again, it's still a good roid."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "I know. I taught you that. But I am
feeling lazy today."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew laughs.
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "I did find that 42 milion roid
autovectoring though."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "But I suppose the better roids are off
the beaten track."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep. It does happen. That's probably the
highest I've ever seen out there at 285...higher even than a lot I see at 288."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "But I've gotten a couple 35 mill roids
from doing corners, and some 5's from autovectoring."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "I should try 288 again, but not on my
own."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'll go with you sometime if you want."
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Cool."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hmm...I've still got lifters I don't
know who they belong to..."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "We have some that belong to Sean on the
constructor. I got tired of seeing them on the pad. When he shows up locally,
I'll get them to him."
The computer informs you that you have mail waiting, which may be picked up at
New Earth; Spaceport Mail Room.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Right. I usually leave them, too much
trouble sorting out who leaves their lifters on accord."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yeah well...at least I know who they
belong to. They sat there for the better part of a week and walking around them
got irritating."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "How do you know who they belong too? I
usually have no clue."
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 1,381,162.73 credits.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm not certain, but I was told he tends
to do that...no one else claimed them."
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Well, 1 sector down on autopilot gave me
28 milion, 4 times as much as that roid 7 sectors out. That is interesting."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep. That's how it works."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew laughs.
[Starseekers] Kim Saunders transmits, "Well, I disproved Tatiana's 10 sectors
out is better theory ages ago, hahahaha."
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew laughs.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Holding The Weight". The organization has earned 1,064,311.65
credits.
75,946.09 credits of your income have gone toward your organization.
You have gained an accumulated 1,381,639.77 credits, approximately, from
temporary space station activities.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We've met all
our goals! Let's keep up the good work!"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "I'm turning the comm off for a bit...got
some things to take care of. I'll see you folks later."
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 534,356.12 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] An asteroid has been received at League Asteroid
Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person hardened asteroid
hauler "Blue Eagle". The organization has earned 1,187,185.60 credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
2,809,834.99 AEU credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
1,087,093.14 AEU credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
2,415,208.26 AEU credits.
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator beeps quietly, indicating that it
has unread notices.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Holding The Weight". The organization has earned 2,055,212.10
credits.
Your metallic gold touch einrophone trills quietly, indicating a new story has
been posted under "Interalliance."
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator dings politely as it receives a
new notice.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Holding The Weight". The organization has earned 1,405,461.99
credits.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "Good job on
meeting our performance goals!"
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Money Maker". The organization has earned 2,019,468.24
credits.
Jewel the large violet glowing felo wanders in from the north.
Jewel the large violet glowing felo wanders out.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at AEU
Salvage Processing Nuclear Temporary Station from the two-person medium
transport "Iridescent Kitsune". The organization has earned 616,260.92 credits.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "This has been
a successful Conquest period! Good work!"
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the north.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo rubs up against a white four poster rattan
bed with a heart-shaped headboard and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of
lavender silk sheets, a soft periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed
pillow, a large periwinkle bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst
flower quilt on it, purring softly.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Money Maker". The organization has earned 549,790.45 credits.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches out.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Money Maker". The organization has earned 1,259,954.99
credits.
Jewel the large violet glowing felo wanders in from the north.
Jewel the large violet glowing felo wanders out.
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hey Kim, you busy?"
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Money Maker". The organization has earned 1,256,719.29
credits.
[Notification from Starseekers] 1 megacredit has been spent on the
organization's hyperwave relay rental contract.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches in from the north.
Xavier the big silver soldier felo marches out.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Red Tape Is No Joke". The organization has earned 702,326.54
credits.
A metallic gold touch einrophone beeps quietly for attention, indicating a new
post in OOC/General/All.
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator chimes softly as it receives a
new notice.
read comm
You glance at your communicator's screen.
There are two board posts.
There is one headline.
You have one mail message.
**
 Welcome back to Star Conquest!
**
 Consider voting for Star Conquest at MUD listing sites! Votes help keep new
players coming to the game!
 The Mud Connector: http://www.mudconnect.com/mud-bin/vote_rank.cgi?mud=Star+Con
quest
 Top Mud Sites:     http://www.topmudsites.com/vote-sc.html
**
 TIP: Have a party in your pilots' lounge once in a while. You'll definitely
feel inspired to earn more points afterward!
**
use phone
Your number: 0010-18113
What would you like to do with your metallic gold touch einrophone?
[1] Dial
[2] Manage Contacts (14/32)
[3] Register on Directory
[4] View Missed Calls (0)
[5] Listen to Voicemail (0)
[6] Set Voicemail Greeting
[7] Read Message Boards
[8] Clear Unread Message Board Posts
[9] Newsreader
[10] Space Station Reference
[11] Activate Holovid
[12] Silence
[13] Nothing
Enter your selection:
9
You navigate your metallic gold touch einrophone to a news application.
=================================================
Affiliated Interalliance Press Services Newsfeeds
=================================================
[1] Unread
[2] Recent
[3] Interalliance
[4] AEU
[5] EAOS
[6] Fringe
[7] League
[8] Mutuality
[9] Economy
[10] Sports
[11] Entertainment
[12] Tabloid
[13] Exit
Enter your selection:
1
==============================
Recent Interalliance Headlines
==============================
* Hyperion Felo Sanctuary Welcomes 20,000th Unwanted Felo Left by Civilian
Pilots [17 October 2316] (ISN)
Return to the category menu? [Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You return your metallic gold touch einrophone to the main screen.
who
There appear to be about 18 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Lily Kaise  (A)
Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Jada Nelson  (L)
Johann Rowan  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Melinda Michaels  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Emily Ford  (L)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Liam O'Toole  (M)
Your communicator also reports that there is 1 pilot who was active but dropped
out of communications.
Additionally, there are 13 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 31 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
tra 1 Hello AEU!
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hello AEU!"
stand
You stand up from a white four poster rattan bed with a heart-shaped headboard
and filmy deep purple hangings with a set of lavender silk sheets, a soft
periwinkle cashmere blanket, a large periwinkle bed pillow, a large periwinkle
bed pillow, and a hand-made purple and amethyst flower quilt on it.
take suticase
I see no "suticase" here.
take suitcase
You remove a small suitcase from a leather briefcase.
take briefs form suitcase
I see no "briefs form suitcase" here.
take briefs from suitcase
You remove a pair of white cotton briefs from a small suitcase.
wear briefs
You slide a pair of white cotton briefs on.
take cargo
You remove a pair of relaxed fit light khaki cargo pants from a small suitcase.
wear cargo
You pull a pair of relaxed fit light khaki cargo pants on over your legs.
take white socks
You remove a pair of white socks from a small suitcase.
wear socks
You slide a pair of white socks onto your feet.
take tee
You remove a long-sleeved black tee with a large silver starburst appliqued on
the front from a small suitcase.
wear tee
You pull a long-sleeved black tee with a large silver starburst appliqued on the
front on over your head.
take sneakers
You remove a pair of gray canvas sneakers from a small suitcase.
put sneakers in briefcase
You put a pair of gray canvas sneakers in a leather briefcase.
take sneakers
You remove a pair of gray canvas sneakers from a leather briefcase.
put sneakers in suitcase
You put a pair of gray canvas sneakers in a small suitcase.
take sneakers from suitcase
You remove a pair of washed light khaki canvas sneakers from a small suitcase.
wear sneakers
You pull a pair of washed light khaki canvas sneakers onto your feet.
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Hi Shule! Just working
on Salvaging Missions."
put suitcase in briefcase
You put a small suitcase in a leather briefcase.
tra 1 Hi Lily. cool. Just waking up.
[AEU | 1: Alliance Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hi Lily. Cool. Just
waking up."
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Living Quarters Block]
You see a large round light purple and dark purple cloth rug, a violet leather
sectional sofa, an antique oak table from Old Earth, a textured plasteel floor
lamp with a cream shade (casting a white-colored glow), a glossy pale pink
ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple trash bin, a small yellow ball containing
a realistic Bari horde noisemaker, a wall-sized bubbling coral pink-lit aquarium
containing violet and blue aquatic life and coral rocks, a small bubbling neon
blue-lit toroidal aquarium containing red and blue aquatic life and round rocks,
a wall-sized bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing teal and crimson
aquatic life and coral rocks, a black plastic tray of spider chow, and Xavier
the big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, and Samantha the old large violet felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, Magellan the arachnoid security robot, an insulated
purple cooler, an insulated orange cooler, and a hairy yellow eight-legged
ArachnoPal named Higgins here.
You can go south and out.
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
u
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
w
[New Earth; Spaceport Bridge]
You see a trash can and a long white plasteel bench here.
You can go east and west.
w
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You can go northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, and west.
se
[New Earth; Xenology Center]
You can go northwest.
nw
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You can go northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, and west.
w
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You see a trash can here.
You can go north, northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, west, northwest,
and down.
se
[New Earth; Spaceport Mail Room]
You can go northwest and down.
check
The postal machine informs you that you have mail waiting.  After some movements
coming from the back room, the conveyor belt coming from the wall swiftly brings
forth a large package. You quickly grab it off the belt.
l package
a large package
This is a package. It is addressed to Shule Elemmire, and was sent by
Pierre-Louis Tremblay-du-Lys du Nouveau Quebec.
It is closed.
You open a large package.
Inside it you see an orange egg, an orange egg, an orange egg, an orange egg, an
orange egg, an orange egg, an orange egg, an orange egg, an orange egg, and an
orange egg.
empty package into egg storage
Do you want to empty a large package into an efficient round egg storage
container?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You carefully empty the contents of a large package into an efficient round egg
storage container.
trash packages
Trash what?
trash package
You toss your package in a nearby garbage can.
points
This store's items require 0 industry points and 0 combat points.
p
Point Totals:
  Industry:           6039.9 
  Space Combat:       5490.8 
  Ground Combat:      1552.7 
  Exploration:        3299.4 
  Aggregate:          16332
  Teslapoints:        994
  Org Contribution:   20.0%
For a more detailed breakdown of your license points, visit any point center and
get a summary!
nw
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You see a trash can here.
You can go north, northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, west, northwest,
and down.
e
[New Earth; Spaceport East]
You can go northeast, east, southeast, south, southwest, and west.
e
[New Earth; Spaceport Bridge]
You see a trash can and a long white plasteel bench here.
You can go east and west.
e
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
e
e
You can't go that way.
You can't go that way.
e
You can't go that way.
e
You can't go that way.
e
You can't go that way.
e
You can't go that way.
e
You can't go that way.
e
You can't go that way.
go office
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office]
You see a friendly cadet orientation officer here.
You can go north, up, and out.
n
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
n
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
w
You rapidly enter a few numbers into a keypad next to the door.
You open the door.
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Space Defense Captain]
You see the Space Defense Captain terminal and a large metal filing cabinet
here.
You can go east.
take report
You remove the 04:00 17/10 AEU space defense report from a brushed steel desk.
read report
In addition, there appears to be some writing on the 04:00 17/10 AEU space
defense report...
--
Ship Destroyed in Attack
--
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Enkidu-class
Corvette "Corvette Omega Delta Zeta" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort
Vessel "Firestorm"
            23:40 16 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Rho Lambda Zeta" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            23:41 16 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Lambda Phi Chi" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            23:43 16 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Omega Nu Delta" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            23:45 16 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Outsider Executioner-Class Escort Ship "Escort
Beta Zzormui" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel "Firestorm"
            23:48 16 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Theta Omicron Mu" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            23:50 16 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Zeta Delta Lambda" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            23:52 16 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Rho Upsilon Theta" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            00:05 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Enkidu-class
Corvette "Corvette Omega Iota Delta" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort
Vessel "Firestorm"
            00:12 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Ninlil-class
Fighter "Fighter Gamma Upsilon Rho" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            00:19 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Ninlil-class
Fighter "Fighter Mu Kappa Beta" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            00:24 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Enkidu-class
Corvette "Corvette Omega Lambda Eta" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort
Vessel "Firestorm"
            00:28 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Mu Zeta Epsilon" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            00:29 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Iota Epsilon Lambda" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort
Vessel "Firestorm"
            00:31 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Outsider Villein-Class Light Fighter "Fighter
Gamma Zzormj" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel "Firestorm"
            01:20 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Upsilon Lambda Mu" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            01:22 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Outsider Villein-Class Light Fighter "Fighter
Eta Zzorma" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel "Firestorm"
            01:26 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Thrall Outsider Battle Thrall Adapa-class
Fighter "Fighter Eta Tau Chi" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            01:29 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Outsider Centurio-Class Light Assault Corvette
"Corvette Upsilon Zzorme" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel
"Firestorm"
            01:33 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Outsider Centurio-Class Light Assault Corvette
"Corvette Delta Zzormn" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel "Firestorm"
            01:37 17 October 2316 GST
      Uncharted Sector: Outsider Outsider Centurio-Class Light Assault Corvette
"Corvette Pi Zzormo" by AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel "Firestorm"
            01:37 17 October 2316 GST
--
--
Ship Victorious
--
      AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel "Firestorm" versus Outsider
Thrall
            Fifteen instances from 23:40 16 October 2316 GST to 01:29 17 October
2316 GST
      AEU AS-4F AEU Clipper-class Escort Vessel "Firestorm" versus Outsider
            Six instances from 23:48 16 October 2316 GST to 01:37 17 October
2316 GST
--
(You finish reading.)
stamp report
You grab a large rubber stamp, pound it onto the 04:00 17/10 AEU space defense
report, then fling the document into the Outgoing pile.
take report
I see no "report" here.
take report
I see no "report" here.
e
You grab the door handle as you leave.
The door to the west suddenly closes.
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office]
You see a friendly cadet orientation officer here.
You can go north, up, and out.
out
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
who
There appear to be about 18 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Lily Kaise  (A)
Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Jada Nelson  (L)
Johann Rowan  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Melinda Michaels  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Emily Ford  (L)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Liam O'Toole  (M)
Your communicator also reports that there is 1 pilot who was active but dropped
out of communications.
Additionally, there are 13 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 31 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
d
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
gen comm
You turn general communication on.
tra gen Hello all.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hello all."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Heya Shule."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "Hey Shule."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Evening, Shule."
d
You can't go that way.
enter shooting
[Starship "Shooting Star"; Control Capsule]
You see an improved temporary wormhole drive here.
You can go out.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Money Maker". The organization has earned 339,245.93 credits.
tra gen Hi Eve, Ted, and Morris. How are things?
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "Hi Eve, Ted, and Morris. How
are things?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Fine, fine."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "They're good, and you?"
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "Good thanks, you?"
tra gen I'm doing well. Thanks.
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire transmits, "I'm doing well. Thanks."
org
--
Starseekers
--
General Information
  Purpose:            When the hard work of the day is done, and you are looking
for a place to meet friends. When things become boring and you can't wait to see
something new. Then there is Starseekers, a cool, relaxing place to hang out,
meet old and new friends, and experience something new. Every pilot who believes
there's more to life than points and credits will be welcome here!
  Slogan:             "There's always something new beyond the next star."
  Founder:             Kim Saunders
  Trustees:            Angel Martin and Shule Elemmire
  Members:             10
  Total Members:       13
  Total Active:        8
  Founded on:          22 May 2312
  Public:              Yes
  Recruiting:          No
Unity
  Member Alliances:    AEU, Fringe, and League
  Unity:               79%
Assets
  Credits on Hand:     62,536,526,053.70 EAOS credits
  Starship Insurance:  1,308,007,049.86 EAOS credits
  Support Fund:        5,191,111,110.00 EAOS credits
  Starships Owned:     22
  Starships Supported: 3 of 16
  Support Cost:        240,000,000.00 EAOS credits
  Megacredits:         985
  Member Megacredits:  493
Progress
  Industry:            7628
  Space Combat:        3571
  Ground Combat:       1746
  Exploration:         2726
  Command:             7800
--
enter shooting
Board what?
l
[Starship "Shooting Star"; Control Capsule]
This small capsule is only large enough for one person. A single flight seat
molds itself to the form of its occupant, helping to ease the burden of
acceleration along with a rather underpowered artificial gravity dampening
system. The capsule's inner workings extend into the flight cabin, with the
starship's main computer right up against the back of the seat. A rather sparse
flight control board is presented claustrophobically close to the pilot's face.
It seems to lack any sort of manual control, allowing only automatic flight
profiles to be entered into an antiquated flight computer. It does, however,
possess controls to operate a single small turret. The status lights overhead
are currently not receiving power. Looking through the windows, you see that the
ship is in a garage. The hatch appears to be locked.
You see an improved temporary wormhole drive here.
You can go out.
power
You grasp a large lever on the control board and push it slowly away from you.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
launch
You use the ship's radio to ask flight control for launch clearance.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Shooting Star, you have clearance to
launch. Good luck and come back to us safely."
move
The starship is already moving.
move
The starship is already moving.
move
AutoStar detects 3 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Planets:
[1] New Earth                           
   Space Stations:
[2] Space Station Alpha                 
   Space Markets:
[3] Space Market                        
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
move
Invalid selection.
3move
I don't understand that.
move
AutoStar detects 3 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Planets:
[1] New Earth                           
   Space Stations:
[2] Space Station Alpha                 
   Space Markets:
[3] Space Market                        
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
3
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Space Market.
Would you like to dock at Space Market?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You begin the docking sequence.
power
You pull a large lever towards you.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
out
You exit the capsule.
[Space Market]
The vostok-class capsule "Shooting Star" is parked here.
You can go southeast, south, and southwest.
menu
--
INTERSECTOR SPACE MARKET
--
[1] Browse Marketplace
[2] Place Sell Order
[3] Cancel Sell Order
Enter your selection:
1
Market Categories
--
[1] Blueprints
[2] Poster
[3] Aquatic life
[4] Bioaugmentation
[5] Robots
[6] Starship augmentation
[7] Communications
Enter your selection:
1
[1] metal torso blueprint                                                       
                                                150,597,184.96 AEU
[2] portable battlesuit refurbishment tool blueprint                            
                                                151,169,217.20 AEU
[3] power amplifier blueprint                                                   
                                                 80,192,441.91 AEU
[4] robot controller blueprint                                                  
                                                100,342,915.27 AEU
[5] robotic eye blueprint                                                       
                                                 50,122,222.07 AEU
Enter your selection:
n
Invalid selection.
menu
--
INTERSECTOR SPACE MARKET
--
[1] Browse Marketplace
[2] Place Sell Order
[3] Cancel Sell Order
Enter your selection:
1
Market Categories
--
[1] Blueprints
[2] Poster
[3] Aquatic life
[4] Bioaugmentation
[5] Robots
[6] Starship augmentation
[7] Communications
Enter your selection:
2
[1] glossy full color poster of a star surrounded by a disc of glowing dust     
                                                  1,506,593.73 AEU
[2] poster of a field of strange alien starship wreckage                        
                                                  1,506,593.73 AEU
[3] poster of Gunarsh's Grasping Tentacles                                      
                                                 15,072,169.78 AEU
[4] poster of Gunarsh's Grasping Tentacles                                      
                                                 15,072,169.78 AEU
Enter your selection:
A sanitation drone lumbers into the area.
A sanitation drone briefly emits a mechanical rumbling that sounds much like a
groan, then extends a broom attachment and sweeps the area.
n
Invalid selection.
menu
--
INTERSECTOR SPACE MARKET
--
[1] Browse Marketplace
[2] Place Sell Order
[3] Cancel Sell Order
Enter your selection:
1
Market Categories
--
[1] Blueprints
[2] Poster
[3] Aquatic life
[4] Bioaugmentation
[5] Robots
[6] Starship augmentation
[7] Communications
Enter your selection:
7
[1] advanced einrophone memory expansion                                        
                                                  3,007,751.99 AEU
Enter your selection:
n
Invalid selection.
menu
--
INTERSECTOR SPACE MARKET
--
[1] Browse Marketplace
[2] Place Sell Order
[3] Cancel Sell Order
Enter your selection:
1
Market Categories
--
[1] Blueprints
[2] Poster
[3] Aquatic life
[4] Bioaugmentation
[5] Robots
[6] Starship augmentation
[7] Communications
Enter your selection:
6
[1] starship timekeeping display                                                
                                                 15,064,758.73 AEU
Enter your selection:
n
Invalid selection.
menu
--
INTERSECTOR SPACE MARKET
--
[1] Browse Marketplace
[2] Place Sell Order
[3] Cancel Sell Order
Enter your selection:
1
Market Categories
--
[1] Blueprints
[2] Poster
[3] Aquatic life
[4] Bioaugmentation
[5] Robots
[6] Starship augmentation
[7] Communications
Enter your selection:
5
[1] little cream CatBot                                                         
                                                801,564,407.74 AEU
Enter your selection:
n
Invalid selection.
A sanitation drone turns and slowly plods south.
enter shooting
[Starship "Shooting Star"; Control Capsule]
You see an improved temporary wormhole drive here.
You can go out.
launch
The navigation systems are nonfunctional until their power is restored.
out
You exit the capsule.
[Space Market]
The vostok-class capsule "Shooting Star" is parked here.
You can go southeast, south, and southwest.
menu
--
INTERSECTOR SPACE MARKET
--
[1] Browse Marketplace
[2] Place Sell Order
[3] Cancel Sell Order
Enter your selection:
1
Market Categories
--
[1] Blueprints
[2] Poster
[3] Aquatic life
[4] Bioaugmentation
[5] Robots
[6] Starship augmentation
[7] Communications
Enter your selection:
n
Invalid selection.
enter shooting
[Starship "Shooting Star"; Control Capsule]
You see an improved temporary wormhole drive here.
You can go out.
power
You grasp a large lever on the control board and push it slowly away from you.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
launch
You begin the launch sequence.
ftl new
The ship is already moving.
move
The starship is already moving.
move
AutoStar detects 3 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Planets:
[1] New Earth                           
   Space Stations:
[2] Space Station Alpha                 
   Space Markets:
[3] Space Market                        
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
1
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: New Earth.
who
There appear to be about 19 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Lily Kaise  (A)
Kim Saunders  (A) [m]
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Jada Nelson  (L)
Johann Rowan  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Melinda Michaels  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Emily Ford  (L)
Klaus Stein  (L)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Liam O'Toole  (M)
Your communicator also reports that there is 1 pilot who was active but dropped
out of communications.
Additionally, there are 12 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 31 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
where
Your communicator reports that...
No one is relaxing anywhere in public. Maybe you should!
Would you like to request landing clearance at New Earth?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You notify flight control of your desire to land.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Hello, Shooting Star. We read your AEU
transponder. You are cleared to land at the city of New Phoenix."
power
You pull a large lever towards you.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
out
You exit the capsule.
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
The vostok-class capsule "Shooting Star" is landed here.
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
The vostok-class capsule "Shooting Star" is loaded onto an automated flatbed and
slowly moved into a large garage.
d
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
Your ship 'Shooting Star' has been automatically moved into a garage.
enter unicorn
[Starship "Unicorn"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
enter unicorn
[Starship "Unicorn"; Control Room]
You see a wormhole drive tracer and a black leather sofa here.
You can go south and out.
sit sofa
You sit down on a black leather sofa.
take album
You remove a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print from a
leather briefcase.
drop album
You put down a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
take photo
You pick up a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
open album
You open a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
l photo
Photo Album                              Page 1
a space imaging photograph of Derelict Structure Station
Floating in orbit around a failed star is a twisted clump of thickly tangled
thorns, dark and unreflective. Occasional highlights glint like dim embers from
its twists and crannies, emphasizing the darkness everywhere else. Several
bulbous protrusions on the ends of the outer thorns appear to be open to space.
Smaller ships, or creatures, or something, resembling nothing so much as seed
pods from a tree, frequently jump in and attach to the structure, then depart
later with far smaller signatures. This photo appears to have been taken near
Derelict Structure Station.
A hardcopy of sensor readings is printed in the bottom-right corner, alongside
the label "Derelict Structure."
turn album to 2
You turn to page 2.
read book
You can't read a cardboard box labeled 'Books'.
read album
You can't read a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 2
a photo of Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle
[Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle]
This cramped, roughly spherical area is completely filled with a clear,
semi-viscous fluid illuminated only by patches of blue-green bioluminescence
growing in shallow niches on the coral-like walls. Movement is slow because of
the fluid, which seems to light up with a diffuse blue glow as you agitate it.
You see an unknown starship and the stealth galleon "Zro Des Cartes" in the
photo.
Shule Elemmire, Lily Kaise, Keegan Wantz, and Soraya Rhyz are in the photo.
You can go south.
turn page
Turn what?
turn album to 2
You turn to page 2.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 2
a photo of Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle
[Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle]
This cramped, roughly spherical area is completely filled with a clear,
semi-viscous fluid illuminated only by patches of blue-green bioluminescence
growing in shallow niches on the coral-like walls. Movement is slow because of
the fluid, which seems to light up with a diffuse blue glow as you agitate it.
You see an unknown starship and the stealth galleon "Zro Des Cartes" in the
photo.
Shule Elemmire, Lily Kaise, Keegan Wantz, and Soraya Rhyz are in the photo.
You can go south.
turn album to 3
You turn to page 3.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 3
a photo of an unknown starship
an unknown starship
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle.
This appears to be a green-tinged central sphere gripped by a cluster of what
look like twisted branches.
turn album to 4
You turn to page 4.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 4
a photo of the stealth galleon "Zro Des Cartes"
the stealth galleon "Zro Des Cartes"
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle.
You see a frigate here.
"Zro Des Cartes" is written along its hull in blocky silver letters.
This starship has a very curious design for a spacefaring vessel. Three sets of
portholes reveal that it has a tiered set of three decks, flat on top with a
bowed bottom. Rows of weaponry are lined up along the middle deck. Smooth
tentacle-like lengths extend down the vessel from bow to stern, barely avoiding
covering the portholes, and come to points at the rear of the vessel.
The hull is gleaming and painted a dark red color with shimmering gold trim. Its
chaingun turrets are sleek and dangerous-looking and outlined in shimmering
gold. The bays of its minicannon launchers are oiled to perfection and painted
black. Its landing struts are flawless and strong and painted gunmetal grey.
It has a pair of plastic testicles near the landing struts, a pair of plastic
testicles, a very tall mid-deck mast-like structure, a tall aftward mast-like
structure, and a tall forward mast-like structure on the top, an aftermarket
box-like protrusion extends from the back of the docking bay, a small robot zips
around the surface of the hull, occasionally spot-welding slight deformities and
irregularities, and the hull has an odd sheen to it, as if covered in a thin
gossamer webbing, and a small shiny black circular section, a smooth dome, a
series of delicate antennae encased in a transparisteel dome, and a single large
port covered by an iris-style hatch on the forward end.
remove phto form album
Remove what?
remove photo from album
You carefully remove a photo of the stealth galleon "Zro Des Cartes" from a
blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
drop photo
You put down a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
take album
You pick up a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
drop second photo
You put down a photo of the stealth galleon "Zro Des Cartes".
turn album to 3
You turn to page 3.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 3
a photo of an unknown starship
an unknown starship
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle.
This appears to be a green-tinged central sphere gripped by a cluster of what
look like twisted branches.
remove photo from album
You carefully remove a photo of an unknown starship from a blue canvas photo
album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 4
You turn to page 4.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of an unknown starship into a blue canvas photo
album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 2
You turn to page 2.
turn album to 3
You turn to page 3.
l photo
There doesn't seem to be any pictures on page 3 of a blue canvas photo album
with a multicolored fish print.
take second photo
You pick up a photo of the stealth galleon "Zro Des Cartes".
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of the stealth galleon "Zro Des Cartes" into a
blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 4
You turn to page 4.
remove photo from album
You carefully remove a photo of an unknown starship from a blue canvas photo
album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 3
You turn to page 3.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of an unknown starship into a blue canvas photo
album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 4
a photo of an unknown starship
an unknown starship
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle.
This appears to be a green-tinged central sphere gripped by a cluster of what
look like twisted branches.
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (53 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (12 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
11
--
 a photo of a group of seastars                                                 
       [photo]
 a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril                                          
       [other photo]
 a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter                                       
       [third photo]
 a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch                                    
       [fourth photo]
 a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material                                  
       [fifth photo]
 a photo of a round protrusion                                                  
       [sixth photo]
 a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates                                          
       [seventh photo]
 a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root                                       
       [eighth photo]
 a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms                                 
       [ninth photo]
 a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship wreckage             
       [wreckage]
 a space imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing
material  [material]
 a space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere                     
       [sphere]
--
l fourth photo in briefcase
a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch [inside a leather briefcase]
[Derelict Structure; Large Branch]
Twisting through the depths of the structure, this large passage is filled with
a clear, semi-viscous fluid that seems to luminesce with a diffuse blue glow as
you agitate it. Clumps of glowing material in the niches of the coral-like walls
provide a dim but steady illumination.
You see nothing in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east, west, and down.
take fourth photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch from a leather briefcase.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch into a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (53 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (11 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
11
--
 a photo of a group of seastars                                                 
       [photo]
 a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril                                          
       [other photo]
 a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter                                       
       [third photo]
 a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material                                  
       [fourth photo]
 a photo of a round protrusion                                                  
       [fifth photo]
 a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates                                          
       [sixth photo]
 a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root                                       
       [seventh photo]
 a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms                                 
       [eighth photo]
 a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship wreckage             
       [wreckage]
 a space imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing
material  [material]
 a space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere                     
       [sphere]
--
remove photo from album
You carefully remove a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch from a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
There doesn't seem to be any pictures on page 5 of a blue canvas photo album
with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 6
You turn to page 6.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch into a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 6
a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch
[Derelict Structure; Large Branch]
Twisting through the depths of the structure, this large passage is filled with
a clear, semi-viscous fluid that seems to luminesce with a diffuse blue glow as
you agitate it. Clumps of glowing material in the niches of the coral-like walls
provide a dim but steady illumination.
You see nothing in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east, west, and down.
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (53 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (11 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
11
--
 a photo of a group of seastars                                                 
       [photo]
 a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril                                          
       [other photo]
 a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter                                       
       [third photo]
 a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material                                  
       [fourth photo]
 a photo of a round protrusion                                                  
       [fifth photo]
 a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates                                          
       [sixth photo]
 a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root                                       
       [seventh photo]
 a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms                                 
       [eighth photo]
 a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship wreckage             
       [wreckage]
 a space imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing
material  [material]
 a space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere                     
       [sphere]
--
take seventh photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root from a leather briefcase.
turn album to 5
You turn to page 5.
l album
There doesn't seem to be any pictures on page 5 of a blue canvas photo album
with a multicolored fish print.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second album in photo
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a
photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root into a blue canvas
photo album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to next
That page doesn't exist.
turn album to 6
You turn to page 6.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 6
a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch
[Derelict Structure; Large Branch]
Twisting through the depths of the structure, this large passage is filled with
a clear, semi-viscous fluid that seems to luminesce with a diffuse blue glow as
you agitate it. Clumps of glowing material in the niches of the coral-like walls
provide a dim but steady illumination.
You see nothing in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east, west, and down.
take sphincter from briefcase
I see no "sphincter" in a leather briefcase.
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (53 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (10 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
11
--
 a photo of a group of seastars                                                 
       [photo]
 a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril                                          
       [other photo]
 a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter                                       
       [third photo]
 a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material                                  
       [fourth photo]
 a photo of a round protrusion                                                  
       [fifth photo]
 a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates                                          
       [sixth photo]
 a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms                                 
       [seventh photo]
 a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship wreckage             
       [wreckage]
 a space imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing
material  [material]
 a space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere                     
       [sphere]
--
take third photo form briefcase
I see no "third photo form briefcase" here.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Money Maker". The organization has earned 1,333,949.47
credits.
take third photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter from a leather briefcase.
l second photo
a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter
[Derelict Structure; Sphincter]
Halfway through this twisting cylindrical passage, a translucent membrane
extends outward from the coral-like walls, its pale green ribs meeting in the
center like the spokes of a wheel. Though the membrane is soft to the touch and
somewhat pliable, it renders further progress impossible while closed.
You see a round protrusion in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east and west.
drop photo
You put down a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
take album
You pick up a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
drop second photo
You put down a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter.
take second photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril from a leather briefcase.
l photo
Photo Album                              Page 6
a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch
[Derelict Structure; Large Branch]
Twisting through the depths of the structure, this large passage is filled with
a clear, semi-viscous fluid that seems to luminesce with a diffuse blue glow as
you agitate it. Clumps of glowing material in the niches of the coral-like walls
provide a dim but steady illumination.
You see nothing in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east, west, and down.
l second photo
a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril
[Derelict Starship; Tendril]
This is a long, organic-looking tendril which seems to writhe forward along the
central core of the starship. It branches off into other tunnels frequently,
some large enough to enter, many not. It's impossible to tell which paths are
dead ends. Also, the entire interior is filled with water. But there does not
appear to be much life in it, at least above the microscopic level. The water is
still, stagnant, thick with slime. Nothing moves. The ship appears dead.
You see an aquarium bubbler in the photo.
Shule Elemmire and Klaus Stein are in the photo.
You can go north and out.
drop photo
You put down a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
take album
You pick up a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
drop second photo
You put down a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril.
l briefcase
a leather briefcase
You see nothing special.
It is open.
Inside it you see a fuzzy stuffed bunny, a gold time meter, a brightly-colored
inspirational card, a pair of red chopsticks, a star print guitar pick, a fuzzy
stuffed squid, a can of white paint, a royal blue and gold duratex wrapper, a
lumpy glittery gray bag of snowballs, a starship performance customizer, a light
red linen bag, a yellow linen bag, a can of black paint, an experimental League
storage container, a green felo nametag maker, a first contact kit, a storage
netting, a hand-made blue and red dragon quilt, a small package, a battle mark
eraser, a red plastic food storage container, a small gold plastic box, a bulky
high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky
high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky
high-energy plasma explosive, a bulky high-energy plasma explosive, a hand-held
red star print holovid, a pencil of two-shade shimmery green eyeliner, a tube of
glittery green body glitter, a small cognac leather backpack, an alliance
information assistant, a metal container, a glossy red ceramic felo chow bowl, a
glossy silvery gray ceramic felo chow bowl, a glossy black ceramic felo chow
bowl, a glossy silvery gray ceramic felo chow bowl, a large round woven basket,
a small package, a shiny brass sextant, a deck of Horrible People cards, a can
of silvery gray paint, a leather portfolio, a glossy white ceramic felo chow
bowl, a silky cerulean cushion decorated with embroidered dark red dragons, a
length of air hose, a length of air hose, a length of power feed cable, a sheet
of white paper, a cup, a cup, an unetched steel plaque, a bright orange package,
an oval white rattan serving tray, a package, a bright orange package, a mosaic
star box, a metal container, a deactivated wormhole drive core, a letter, a
shiny brass telescope, a piece of heavy white stationery with a silver AEU logo
at the top, a cardboard box labeled 'Books', a small red ticket bordered in
gold, a can of ocean breeze-scented air freshener, a can of rain-scented air
freshener, a can of meadow-scented air freshener, a black hair care kit, a can
of maple syrup air freshener, a lumpy glittery gray bag of snowballs, a title of
ownership for the one-person runabout "Unicorn", an alien freight lifter, a
family size bag labeled "Low-Grade Dry Felo Chow", a classic rubber chicken, a
clear plastic food storage container, a black laminate filing cabinet, a white
plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on the side, an insulated red
cooler, some coral rocks, a colorful candy necklace, a raspberry ring pop, an
insulated white cooler, a photo of a group of seastars, an insulated blue
cooler, a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material, a photo of a round
protrusion, a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates, a photo of a cluster of small
winged organisms, a tiny gold six-legged spacesuit body, a tiny gold spacesuit
helmet, a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship wreckage, a
space imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing
material, a space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere, a pair of
skimpy red strawberry-flavored briefs, a pair of skimpy white cherry-flavored
briefs, an efficient round egg storage container, a hyperspanner, a manual
zero-point energy receptacle charger, an efficient round egg storage container,
a gold jeweled leash, a black leather leash, a silver plastic paper dispenser, a
small black vinyl case, a decoy beacon launcher, a decoy beacon, a fine piece of
paper with an official header reading "From the founder of Space Explorers
Amidst The Stars", Shule Elemmire's workbench, a secondary pilot command access
unit, a bulky asteroid supply cannon, and a small suitcase.
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (53 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (8 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
11
--
 a photo of a group of seastars                                                 
       [photo]
 a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material                                  
       [other photo]
 a photo of a round protrusion                                                  
       [third photo]
 a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates                                          
       [fourth photo]
 a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms                                 
       [fifth photo]
 a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship wreckage             
       [wreckage]
 a space imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing
material  [material]
 a space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere                     
       [sphere]
--
l album
Photo Album                              Page 6
a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch
[Derelict Structure; Large Branch]
Twisting through the depths of the structure, this large passage is filled with
a clear, semi-viscous fluid that seems to luminesce with a diffuse blue glow as
you agitate it. Clumps of glowing material in the niches of the coral-like walls
provide a dim but steady illumination.
You see nothing in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east, west, and down.
remove photo from album
You carefully remove a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch from a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 7
You turn to page 7.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch into a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 6
You turn to page 6.
l album
There doesn't seem to be any pictures on page 6 of a blue canvas photo album
with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 5
You turn to page 5.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 5
a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root
[Derelict Structure; Seed Root]
This hollow fluid-filled cylindrical passage is relatively spacious. Completely
filled with a clear semi-viscous fluid, it twists slightly back and forth, wider
to the west and slightly narrower to the east. The only natural illumination
comes from bioluminescent material clumped in niches on its coral-like walls.
You see a cluster of small winged organisms in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east and west.
remvoe photo from album
I don't understand that ("photo" is an ambiguous name).
remove album from photo
There is no "album" in that.
remove photoo form album
Remove what?
remove photo from album
You carefully remove a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root from a blue canvas
photo album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 6
You turn to page 6.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root into a blue canvas
photo album with a multicolored fish print.
turn album to 4
You turn to page 4.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 4
a photo of an unknown starship
an unknown starship
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle.
This appears to be a green-tinged central sphere gripped by a cluster of what
look like twisted branches.
turn album to 5
You turn to page 5.
take photo
You already have a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
take second photo
You pick up a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter.
turn album to 7
You turn to page 7.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 7
a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch
[Derelict Structure; Large Branch]
Twisting through the depths of the structure, this large passage is filled with
a clear, semi-viscous fluid that seems to luminesce with a diffuse blue glow as
you agitate it. Clumps of glowing material in the niches of the coral-like walls
provide a dim but steady illumination.
You see nothing in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east, west, and down.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Money Maker". The organization has earned 194,754.02 credits.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter into a blue canvas
photo album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 8
a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter
[Derelict Structure; Sphincter]
Halfway through this twisting cylindrical passage, a translucent membrane
extends outward from the coral-like walls, its pale green ribs meeting in the
center like the spokes of a wheel. Though the membrane is soft to the touch and
somewhat pliable, it renders further progress impossible while closed.
You see a round protrusion in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east and west.
take second photo
You pick up a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril.
turn album to 4
You turn to page 4.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 4
a photo of an unknown starship
an unknown starship
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Pod Receptacle.
This appears to be a green-tinged central sphere gripped by a cluster of what
look like twisted branches.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril into a blue canvas
photo album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 5
a photo of Derelict Starship; Tendril
[Derelict Starship; Tendril]
This is a long, organic-looking tendril which seems to writhe forward along the
central core of the starship. It branches off into other tunnels frequently,
some large enough to enter, many not. It's impossible to tell which paths are
dead ends. Also, the entire interior is filled with water. But there does not
appear to be much life in it, at least above the microscopic level. The water is
still, stagnant, thick with slime. Nothing moves. The ship appears dead.
You see an aquarium bubbler in the photo.
Shule Elemmire and Klaus Stein are in the photo.
You can go north and out.
turn album to 6
You turn to page 6.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 6
a photo of Derelict Structure; Seed Root
[Derelict Structure; Seed Root]
This hollow fluid-filled cylindrical passage is relatively spacious. Completely
filled with a clear semi-viscous fluid, it twists slightly back and forth, wider
to the west and slightly narrower to the east. The only natural illumination
comes from bioluminescent material clumped in niches on its coral-like walls.
You see a cluster of small winged organisms in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east and west.
turn album to 6
You turn to page 6.
turn album to 7
You turn to page 7.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 7
a photo of Derelict Structure; Large Branch
[Derelict Structure; Large Branch]
Twisting through the depths of the structure, this large passage is filled with
a clear, semi-viscous fluid that seems to luminesce with a diffuse blue glow as
you agitate it. Clumps of glowing material in the niches of the coral-like walls
provide a dim but steady illumination.
You see nothing in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east, west, and down.
turn album to 8
You turn to page 8.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 8
a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter
[Derelict Structure; Sphincter]
Halfway through this twisting cylindrical passage, a translucent membrane
extends outward from the coral-like walls, its pale green ribs meeting in the
center like the spokes of a wheel. Though the membrane is soft to the touch and
somewhat pliable, it renders further progress impossible while closed.
You see a round protrusion in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east and west.
view album
You can't view a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
n
You can't go that way.
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (53 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (8 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
11
--
 a photo of a group of seastars                                                 
       [photo]
 a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material                                  
       [other photo]
 a photo of a round protrusion                                                  
       [third photo]
 a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates                                          
       [fourth photo]
 a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms                                 
       [fifth photo]
 a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship wreckage             
       [wreckage]
 a space imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing
material  [material]
 a space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere                     
       [sphere]
--
take third photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of a round protrusion from a leather briefcase.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of a round protrusion into a blue canvas photo
album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 9
a photo of a round protrusion
a round protrusion
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Sphincter.
This is a round protuberance covered with tiny cilia extending from small holes.
It's positioned next to the sphincter, slightly below waist height for the
average human.
As if it grew there organically, a symbol for a small starburst has grown near
the base of the object.
take photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of a group of seastars from a leather briefcase.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of a group of seastars into a blue canvas photo
album with a multicolored fish print.
take photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material from a leather
briefcase.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material into a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 11
a photo of a clump of bioluminescent material
a clump of bioluminescent material
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Seed Root.
This is a blob of faintly glowing material.
take photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates from a leather briefcase.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of a cloud of dinoflagellates into a blue canvas
photo album with a multicolored fish print.
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (53 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (4 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
11
--
 a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms                                 
       [photo]
 a space imaging photograph of a field of twisted starship wreckage             
       [wreckage]
 a space imaging photograph of a fuzzy young star orbited by rings of glowing
material  [material]
 a space imaging photograph of a perfect silver-blue sphere                     
       [sphere]
--
take photo
You already have a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
take photo from album
You can't remove anything from a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored
fish print.
take photo from briefcase
You remove a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms from a leather
briefcase.
put photo in album
You can't put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put second photo in album
Do you wish to write in a caption for this photo?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
n
You carefully insert a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms into a blue
canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 13
a photo of a cluster of small winged organisms
a cluster of small winged organisms
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Seed Root.
These odd humanoid creatures have gathered into a swarm here. They do not appear
to be very intelligent, merely swarming randomly.
turn album to 8
You turn to page 8.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 8
a photo of Derelict Structure; Sphincter
[Derelict Structure; Sphincter]
Halfway through this twisting cylindrical passage, a translucent membrane
extends outward from the coral-like walls, its pale green ribs meeting in the
center like the spokes of a wheel. Though the membrane is soft to the touch and
somewhat pliable, it renders further progress impossible while closed.
You see a round protrusion in the photo.
Shule Elemmire is in the photo.
You can go east and west.
turn album to 9
You turn to page 9.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 9
a photo of a round protrusion
a round protrusion
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Sphincter.
This is a round protuberance covered with tiny cilia extending from small holes.
It's positioned next to the sphincter, slightly below waist height for the
average human.
As if it grew there organically, a symbol for a small starburst has grown near
the base of the object.
turn album to 10
You turn to page 10.
l album
Photo Album                              Page 10
a photo of a group of seastars
a group of seastars
It appears to be at Derelict Structure; Large Branch.
This is a small pile of spiky seastars.
close photo
You close a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
put album in books
You open a cardboard box labeled 'Books' for a moment.
You remove a cardboard box labeled 'Books' from a leather briefcase for a
moment.
You put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print in a cardboard
box labeled 'Books'.
take box
You remove a small gold plastic box from a leather briefcase.
open box
You can't open a small gold plastic box.
l box
a small gold plastic box
This small gold plastic box fits in the palm of one's hand and contains a
multitude of moist towelettes with which to clean oneself. Tiny words printed on
a label on the underside read: 'Fan Chi's Special Cloths: Always cheap! Always
good! Is sufficient of one per two cycles to freshen self unless work is
dirtying or otherwise unsanitary for then one should use more!'
There are fifty towelettes left.
put box in vinyl
You remove a small black vinyl case from a leather briefcase for a moment.
You put a small gold plastic box in a small black vinyl case.
take box
You remove a mosaic star box from a leather briefcase.
open box
You open a mosaic star box.
l box
a mosaic star box
This square box measures about twenty centimeters in all dimensions. It is made
of silver metal covered with a mosaic depicting a large stylized white star on
the top with a pale blue center and a deep midnight blue background spotted with
smaller red, blue, orange, and yellow stars. The white star's tendrils stream
outward in smooth arcs down the sides of the box, curving around additional
smaller stars. The mosaic's tiny pieces of broken plastic and the thin lines of
silver-colored cement holding them in place are covered with a thin high-gloss
glaze that is smooth to the touch.
It is open.
Inside it you see a photo of Lily Kaise, a photo of Lily Kaise, citoyen
d'honneur du Nouveau Quebec, a photo of Lily Kaise, a space imaging photograph
of a large gas giant orbiting close to a star, a space imaging photograph of a
field of twisted starship wreckage, a space imaging photograph of a star
surrounded by a disc of glowing dust, a space imaging photograph of a nebula
glowing with points of light, a space imaging photograph of The Flare, a photo
of Shasta the sleeping big onyx soldier felo, a photo of Chetumal Spaceport;
Landing Pad, a photo of Starship "Stars Wanderer"; Head, a white lace photo
album entitled "Xia He", a space imaging photograph of a large gas giant
orbiting close to a star, a blue leather photo album with a cluster of stars
embossed on the front, and a photo of a bioaugmentation plant in a small pot
labeled "Starseekers & Troubleshooters".
take photo from camera bag
You remove a photo of Akemi Bando, Sassie the sleeping large fuchsia felo, and
Xavier the sleeping big silver soldier felo from a camera bag.
put photo in box
You put a photo of Akemi Bando, Sassie the sleeping large fuchsia felo, and
Xavier the sleeping big silver soldier felo in a mosaic star box.
take photo from camera
You remove a photo of Samantha the old large violet felo, Sassie the old
sleeping large fuchsia felo, Shasta the big onyx soldier felo, and a wall-sized
bubbling neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and
coral rocks from a camera bag.
put photo in box
You put a photo of Samantha the old large violet felo, Sassie the old sleeping
large fuchsia felo, Shasta the big onyx soldier felo, and a wall-sized bubbling
neon purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral
rocks in a mosaic star box.
l album
You fondly admire the cover of a white lace photo album entitled "Xia He" for
several moments.
take photo from camera
You remove a photo of Sassie the sleeping large fuchsia felo and Xavier the
sleeping big silver soldier felo from a camera bag.
[Notification from Starseekers] 240,000,000.00 credits have been deducted from
the starship support fund.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "The results
are in!"
[Notification from Starseekers] Kim Saunders has automatically contributed
42,754,052.46 AEU credits.
A metallic silver metachannel FTL communicator beeps insistently as it receives
a new notice.
[Notification from Starseekers] Shule Elemmire has automatically contributed
1,446,344.90 AEU credits.
[AEU | 10: Conquest Status] An AEU pilot corps liaison transmits, "We did it! We
achieved all of our performance goals!"
put photo in box
You put a photo of Sassie the sleeping large fuchsia felo and Xavier the
sleeping big silver soldier felo in a mosaic star box.
take photo from camera
You remove a photo of Lily Kaise from a camera bag.
l lily
I see no "lily" here.
l photo
a photo of Lily Kaise
Lily Kaise is in the photo. She is lying on a rare black EAOSian contoured
couch.
She appears to be at Starship "William Dove"; Control Room.
She appears to be 27 years old. She is about five feet and two inches tall and
has fair skin. Her body is thin with attractively curved hips and shapely
calves. She has slender shoulders and slightly larger than average, naturally
shaped breasts with prominent rosy nipples. Her abdomen is attractive and
punctuated by a cute navel. More intimately, she has soft pale honey blonde
pubic hair and a girlish butt. Her face is oval and pretty, with a delicate nose
and understated chin. Her lips are lovely and blush pink and occasionally part
to reveal a set of pretty teeth. Beneath a set of arched eyebrows, her eyes are
blue-green and almond-shaped. Her waist-length, straight hair is pale honey
blonde and swept up into a thick fall of loose curls down her back. She has oval
pink fingernails.
A small enameled crimson dragon pierces her belly button, a small enameled
cerulean blue dragonfly pierces her left earlobe, and a small enameled cerulean
blue dragonfly pierces her right earlobe.
 She is wearing nothing. She is also wearing an orange and white blessed prayer
bracelet around her wrist, a slender bracelet of tiny tinkling silver bells
around her wrist, a neon purple wrist-mounted chronometer, a solid silver ring
engraved with dragonflies, and a delicate ring of silver wire and small purple
amethyst crystals. Her head, face, both eyes, neck, both shoulders, chest, back,
both biceps, both elbows, abdomen, both forearms, both wrists, both hands,
waist, both hips, groin, both thighs, both knees, both calves, both ankles, and
both feet are left uncovered.
put photo in box
You put a photo of Lily Kaise in a mosaic star box.
close box
You close a mosaic star box.
l camera
a camera bag
You see nothing special.
It is open.
Inside it you see a seven exposure film cartridge, a seven exposure film
cartridge, a seven exposure film cartridge, a seven exposure film cartridge, a
seven exposure film cartridge, a seven exposure film cartridge, a seven exposure
film cartridge, a seven exposure film cartridge, and a standard camera with a
chain link strap.
put box in briefcase
You put a mosaic star box in a leather briefcase.
close bag
You close a camera bag.
read comm
You glance at your communicator's screen.
28,926,897.99 AEU credits from your trust fund have been released to you. [00:00
18 October 2316 GST]
out
You scramble to your feet.
[Starship "Unicorn"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
enter unic
[Starship "Unicorn"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
enter unic
[Starship "Unicorn"; Control Room]
You see a wormhole drive tracer and a black leather sofa here.
You can go south and out.
out
[Starship "Unicorn"; Airlock]
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated purple cooler, an insulated orange
cooler, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
hands
You are carrying nothing.
view briefcas
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (52 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (3 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
2
--
 some coral rocks  [rocks]
--
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (52 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (3 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
1
--
 a royal blue and gold duratex wrapper            [wrapper]
 a colorful candy necklace                        [necklace]
 a raspberry ring pop                             [pop]
 a pair of skimpy red strawberry-flavored briefs  [briefs]
 a pair of skimpy white cherry-flavored briefs    [other briefs]
 a bulky asteroid supply cannon                   [cannon]
--
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (10 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (52 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (3 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
8
--
 a brightly-colored inspirational card                                          
                              [card]
 a small package                                                                
                              [package]
 a small package                                                                
                              [other package]
 a sheet of white paper                                                         
                              [paper]
 a bright orange package                                                        
                              [third package]
 a package                                                                      
                              [fourth package]
 a bright orange package                                                        
                              [fifth package]
 a letter                                                                       
                              [letter]
 a piece of heavy white stationery with a silver AEU logo at the top            
                              [top]
 a fine piece of paper with an official header reading "From the founder of
Space Explorers Amidst The Stars"  [stars]
--
take package
You remove a small package from a leather briefcase.
l pakage
I see no "pakage" here.
l package
a small package
This is a package. It is addressed to Shule Elemmire, and was sent by Lillian
Hudson.
It is open.
Inside it you see a pair of loose-fitting light green cotton pants with front
laces.
trash package
Are you sure you want to throw away everything in a small package?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You toss your package in a nearby garbage can.
take package
You remove a small package from a leather briefcase.
l package
a small package
This is a package. It is addressed to Shule Elemmire, and was sent by Sean
Sloan.
It is open.
Inside it you see a "Bug Eyes" key, a "Bug Eyes" key, and a letter.
trash package
Are you sure you want to throw away everything in a small package?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You toss your package in a nearby garbage can.
take package
You remove a bright orange package from a leather briefcase.
l package
a bright orange package
This is a package. It is addressed to Joel Kringle.
It is open.
Inside it you see a pink paper parasol.
trash package
That's not your package to throw away!
put package in trash
You put a bright orange package in a small white trash bin.
take package
You remove a package from a leather briefcase.
l package
a package
This is a package. It is addressed to Shule Elemmire, and was sent by Sean
Sloan.
It is open.
Inside it you see a credit chip, a "Cargo" key, and a letter.
take chip
You remove a credit chip from a package.
drain chip
You drain 480,000,000.00 EAOS credits from a credit chip and discard it in a
nearby waste disposal unit.
trash package
Are you sure you want to throw away everything in a package?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You toss your package in a nearby garbage can.
take package
You remove a bright orange package from a leather briefcase.
l package
a bright orange package
This is a package. It is addressed to Shule Elemmire.
It is open.
Inside it you see a large deep red velvet jester hat with dangling golden bells.
trash package
Are you sure you want to throw away everything in a bright orange package?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You toss your package in a nearby garbage can.
take package
I see no "package" here.
footprint
You think back to where you might have left some things...
You have a ton of things in your leather briefcase.
You have a few things in your black engineering tool case.
You have quite a few things in your thick synthleather bandolier with large
pockets.
You have a few things in a large lobster-shaped bookshelf at Apartment 4003;
Study.
view briefcase
Contents:
  [1] Apparel                         (6 items)
  [2] Aquatic Life                    (1 item)
  [3] Artifacts                       (2 items)
  [4] Container                       (19 items)
  [5] Cosmetics                       (2 items)
  [6] Crafting                        (1 item)
  [7] Furniture                       (3 items)
  [8] Mail                            (5 items)
  [9] Miscellaneous                   (52 items)
  [10] Paint                          (3 items)
  [11] Photography                    (3 items)
  [12] Starship Decoration            (1 item)
  [13] Starship Maintenance           (1 item)
  [14] Starship Title                 (1 item)
Enter your selection:
9
--
 a fuzzy stuffed bunny                                                  [bunny]
 a gold time meter                                                      [meter]
 a pair of red chopsticks                                              
[chopsticks]
 a star print guitar pick                                               [pick]
 a fuzzy stuffed squid                                                  [squid]
 a lumpy glittery gray bag of snowballs                                
[snowballs]
 a starship performance customizer                                     
[customizer]
 a green felo nametag maker                                             [maker]
 a hand-made blue and red dragon quilt                                  [quilt]
 a bulky high-energy plasma explosive                                  
[explosive]
 a bulky high-energy plasma explosive                                   [other
explosive]
 a bulky high-energy plasma explosive                                   [third
explosive]
 a bulky high-energy plasma explosive                                   [fourth
explosive]
 a bulky high-energy plasma explosive                                   [fifth
explosive]
 a bulky high-energy plasma explosive                                   [sixth
explosive]
 a hand-held red star print holovid                                    
[holovid]
 an alliance information assistant                                     
[assistant]
 a glossy red ceramic felo chow bowl                                    [bowl]
 a glossy silvery gray ceramic felo chow bowl                           [other
bowl]
 a glossy black ceramic felo chow bowl                                  [third
bowl]
 a glossy silvery gray ceramic felo chow bowl                           [fourth
bowl]
 a shiny brass sextant                                                 
[sextant]
 a deck of Horrible People cards                                        [cards]
 a glossy white ceramic felo chow bowl                                  [fifth
bowl]
 a silky cerulean cushion decorated with embroidered dark red dragons  
[dragons]
 a length of air hose                                                   [hose]
 a length of air hose                                                   [other
hose]
 a length of power feed cable                                           [cable]
 a cup                                                                  [cup]
 a cup                                                                  [other
cup]
 an oval white rattan serving tray                                      [tray]
 a shiny brass telescope                                               
[telescope]
 a small red ticket bordered in gold                                    [gold]
 a can of ocean breeze-scented air freshener                           
[freshener]
 a can of rain-scented air freshener                                    [other
freshener]
 a can of meadow-scented air freshener                                  [third
freshener]
 a black hair care kit                                                  [other
kit]
 a can of maple syrup air freshener                                     [fourth
freshener]
 a lumpy glittery gray bag of snowballs                                 [other
snowballs]
 a family size bag labeled "Low-Grade Dry Felo Chow"                    [chow]
 a classic rubber chicken                                               [rubber]
 a white plastic water pistol with a sparkly 'XX' embossed on the side  [side]
 a tiny gold six-legged spacesuit body                                  [body]
 a tiny gold spacesuit helmet                                           [helmet]
 a hyperspanner                                                        
[hyperspanner]
 a manual zero-point energy receptacle charger                         
[charger]
 a gold jeweled leash                                                   [leash]
 a black leather leash                                                  [other
leash]
 a silver plastic paper dispenser                                      
[dispenser]
 a decoy beacon launcher                                               
[launcher]
 a decoy beacon                                                         [beacon]
 a secondary pilot command access unit                                  [unit]
--
take cup
You remove a cup from a leather briefcase.
put cup in trash
You put a cup in a small white trash bin.
take cup
You remove a cup from a leather briefcase.
put cup in trash
You put a cup in a small white trash bin.
l
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
The control room is the hub of every starship. Large metal conduits protect
thick bundles of wires carrying information from every part of the ship to this
one location. A large transparisteel viewport provides a view out the front of
the ship, but experienced pilots in space will have eyes only for the large
starmap dominating the right side of the room. Standing before the viewport is
the main control board, providing essential functions like the shipwide power
lever and alert status. Secondary control boards can be pulled up and folded
back to provide a working surface, or pulled down from recesses overhead as
needed. Though the room is spacious enough for a few others to sit or stand, the
entire architecture of the room is built around the small space before the
control board and the person who will stand there: the starship's pilot. The
status lights overhead are currently not receiving power. Looking through the
windows, you see that the ship is in a garage.
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated purple cooler, an insulated orange
cooler, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
customize
I don't understand that.
s
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, a hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Xavier the
big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
w
[Starship "William Dove"; "Hope"]]
You see a silky electric blue cushion decorated with embroidered pale blue
flowers, a glossy dark violet ceramic felo chow bowl, Kiska the humanoid service
robot, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and crimson
aquatic life and round rocks, and Samantha the old large violet felo here.
You can go east.
take rocks from aquarium
I see no "rocks" in a large aquarium.
view
View what?
who
There appear to be about 18 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Lily Kaise  (A)
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Elizabeth Beckman  (L)
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Johann Rowan  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Emily Ford  (L)
Klaus Stein  (L)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Liam O'Toole  (M)
Your communicator also reports that there are 2 pilots who were active but
dropped out of communications.
Additionally, there are 14 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 32 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
lag
There is minimal processing lag at the moment.
There is no significant network lag at the moment.
e
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, a hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Xavier the
big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated purple cooler, an insulated orange
cooler, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
changelog
Recent Minor Changes:
-----
AI Core equipped ships now have a little bit more information relating to the AI
core.
   Posted 2 days, 20 hours, 15 minutes, and 15 seconds ago
-----
i
 You are wearing a long-sleeved black tee with a large silver starburst
appliqued on the front, a pair of relaxed fit light khaki cargo pants, and a
pair of washed light khaki canvas sneakers. Underneath this, you are wearing a
pair of white cotton briefs and a pair of white socks. You are also wearing a
keychain, a metallic gold touch einrophone in a black leather phone holster, a
gold wrist-mounted chronometer, a solid silver ring engraved with dolphins, and
a backpack. You are concealing a flight control scanner, a leather briefcase, a
camera bag, a black flightbag with a red shooting star on the side, a golden
Feng Wo coin purse, a black engineering tool case, a large expandable
telescoping xenology container, a scorched metal thigh holster, a metallic
silver metachannel FTL communicator, and a thick synthleather bandolier with
large pockets. Your head, face, both eyes, neck, both wrists, and both hands are
left uncovered.
You are carrying nothing.
l holster
a scorched metal thigh holster
You see nothing special.
It is open.
Inside it you see a set of nysteel-reinforced bounty hunter's restraints, a
hardened hatch cracker, and a silver vibro-baton.
who
There appear to be about 18 pilots recently active.
The communicator network detects:
Lily Kaise  (A)
Shule Elemmire  (A) [m]
Elizabeth Beckman  (L)
Zandria Marschaund  (L)
Soraya Rhyz  (L)
Johann Rowan  (L)
Morris Corlew  (L)
Nicolette of None  (L)
Sakura Arakida  (L)
Karasi Valhannon  (L)
Emily Ford  (L)
Klaus Stein  (L)
Evenia Callseah  (F)
Keegan Wantz  (F)
Ted Warburton  (F)
Liam O'Toole  (M)
Your communicator also reports that there are 2 pilots who were active but
dropped out of communications.
Additionally, there are 14 pilots who appear to have their communicators on but
have not recently been active.
Final total: 32 pilots.
Want to know if anyone's relaxing in a public venue? Check WHERE!
s
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, a hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Xavier the
big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
d
[Starship "William Dove"; Engineering Room]
You see a luxuriously soft oval deep sapphire blue rug with a gold fleur-de-lys
in the center and thick gold fringe, a walnut rocking chair with a turquoise and
coral pink flowered cushion on it, a glossy sky blue ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo here.
You can go up and down.
You begin familiarizing yourself with the engineering stations and making
various changes to your liking.
u
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, a hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Xavier the
big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated purple cooler, an insulated orange
cooler, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
n
You can't go that way.
l treats
a bag of felo treats [inside a round white rattan coffee table with a glass top]
This is a colorful bag marked, "Bari-Shaped Felo Treats! 25 Count!"
s
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, a hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Xavier the
big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated purple cooler, an insulated orange
cooler, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
take treat
You help yourself to a small Bari-shaped tidbit.
s
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, a hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Xavier the
big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
d
[Starship "William Dove"; Engineering Room]
You see a luxuriously soft oval deep sapphire blue rug with a gold fleur-de-lys
in the center and thick gold fringe, a walnut rocking chair with a turquoise and
coral pink flowered cushion on it, a glossy sky blue ceramic felo chow bowl, and
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo here.
You can go up and down.
You begin familiarizing yourself with the engineering stations and making
various changes to your liking.
take buddy
You pick up Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
u
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, a hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins, and Xavier the
big silver soldier felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
pet buddy
You stroke the soft fur of Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo purrs softly.
drop buddy
You put down Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
A hairy yellow eight-legged ArachnoPal named Higgins skitters east.
use ball on buddy
You toss a small purple ball containing a dingling bell at Buddy the hefty blue
soldier felo.
l
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
The status lights overhead are currently not receiving power. Looking through
the windows, you see that the ship is in a garage.
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, Xavier the big silver soldier felo, and Buddy the hefty blue soldier
felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo bats wildly at the ball.
You roll a small purple ball containing a dingling bell across the floor toward
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
drop tid
You put down a small Bari-shaped tidbit.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo pounces on the ball.
You roll a small purple ball containing a dingling bell across the floor toward
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo leaps after the ball.
You toss a small purple ball containing a dingling bell at Buddy the hefty blue
soldier felo.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo bats wildly at the ball.
You roll a small purple ball containing a dingling bell across the floor toward
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo bats wildly at the ball.
You put a small purple ball containing a dingling bell away.
pet buddy
You stroke the soft fur of Buddy the hungry hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hungry hefty blue soldier felo purrs softly.
w
[Starship "William Dove"; "Hope"]]
You see a silky electric blue cushion decorated with embroidered pale blue
flowers, a glossy dark violet ceramic felo chow bowl, Kiska the humanoid service
robot, a large bubbling azure blue-lit aquarium containing amber and crimson
aquatic life and round rocks, and Samantha the old large violet felo here.
You can go east.
pet sam
You stroke the soft fur of Samantha the old large violet felo.
Samantha the old large violet felo purrs and rubs its head against your hand,
looking up at you adoringly.
e
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, Xavier the big silver soldier felo, Buddy the hungry hefty blue soldier
felo, and a small Bari-shaped tidbit here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
pet buddy
You stroke the soft fur of Buddy the hungry hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hungry hefty blue soldier felo purrs softly.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated purple cooler, an insulated orange
cooler, and Magellan the arachnoid security robot here.
You can go south and out.
take cooler
You pick up an insulated purple cooler.
drop cooler
You put down an insulated purple cooler.
s
[Starship "William Dove"; Base Block]
You see a soft round ocean blue rug with a design of coral and turquoise
seashells, a blueberry rattan bench with a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion on it, a round white rattan dining table with a glass top, a blueberry
rattan bench, a rattan floor lamp with a coral lotus shade, a blueberry rattan
pantry cabinet, a white microwave oven, a small dusky pink trash bin, a glossy
slate blue ceramic felo chow bowl, a small purple ball containing a dingling
bell, a black plastic tray of spider chow, a long white and coral pink flowered
cushion, Buddy the hungry hefty blue soldier felo, a small Bari-shaped tidbit,
and Samantha the old large violet felo here.
You can go north, east, south, west, up, and down.
take cooler
You remove an insulated red cooler from a leather briefcase.
l cooler
an insulated red cooler
With a lid on the top for easy access to the goodies within, this cooler is
insulated to preserve all the food and drinks packed inside.
It is open.
Inside it you see a small glass of maple wine, a small glass of maple wine, a
frosted glass of very cold maple ice cider, a frosted glass of very cold maple
ice cider, a frosted square glass of sweet red caribou, a frosted square glass
of sweet red caribou, a frosted square glass of sweet red caribou, a frosted
square glass of sweet red caribou, and a large white dinner plate.
close cooler
You close an insulated red cooler.
open cooler
You open an insulated red cooler and the light inside clicks on.
emtpy cooler in trash
I don't understand that.
empty cooler into trash
Do you want to empty an insulated red cooler into a small dusky pink trash bin?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You carefully empty the contents of an insulated red cooler into a small dusky
pink trash bin.
put cooler in briefcase
You put an insulated red cooler in a leather briefcase.
take cooler
You remove an insulated white cooler from a leather briefcase.
l cooler
an insulated white cooler
With a lid on the top for easy access to the goodies within, this cooler is
insulated to preserve all the food and drinks packed inside.
It is open.
Inside it you see a light blue egg, a light blue egg, and a light green egg.
empty cooler into egg storage
Do you want to empty an insulated white cooler into an efficient round egg
storage container?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You carefully empty the contents of an insulated white cooler into an efficient
round egg storage container.
put cooler in briefcase
You put an insulated white cooler in a leather briefcase.
take cooler
You remove an insulated blue cooler from a leather briefcase.
l cooler
an insulated blue cooler
With a lid on the top for easy access to the goodies within, this cooler is
insulated to preserve all the food and drinks packed inside.
It is open.
Inside it you see a sample container containing coral dust, a sample container
containing saliva, a sample container containing brain fluid, a sample container
containing blood, a sample container containing pee, a sample container
containing sweat, a sample container containing hair, a sample container
containing water, a sample container containing mucus, a sample container
containing vomit, a sample container containing semen, a sample container
containing bioluminescent material, and a sample container containing seastar
spine fluid.
close cooler
You close an insulated blue cooler.
put cooler in briefcase
You put an insulated blue cooler in a leather briefcase.
tkae cooler
I don't understand that.
take cooler
You remove an insulated red cooler from a leather briefcase.
Buddy the hungry hefty blue soldier felo seems to be hungry.
Buddy the hungry hefty blue soldier felo enthusiastically gobbles up a small
Bari-shaped tidbit.
put cooler in brieffcase
I see no "brieffcase" here.
pet buddy
You stroke the soft fur of Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo purrs softly.
put cooler in briefcase
You put an insulated red cooler in a leather briefcase.
take cooler
You remove an insulated white cooler from a leather briefcase.
take cooler from briefcase
You remove an insulated blue cooler from a leather briefcase.
l second cooler
an insulated blue cooler
With a lid on the top for easy access to the goodies within, this cooler is
insulated to preserve all the food and drinks packed inside.
It is closed.
open cooler
An insulated white cooler is already open.
open second cooler
You open an insulated blue cooler and the light inside clicks on.
empty second cooler into cooler
Do you want to empty an insulated blue cooler into an insulated white cooler?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You carefully empty the contents of an insulated blue cooler into an insulated
white cooler.
close cooelr
Close what?
close cooler
You close an insulated white cooler.
put cooler in briefcase
You put an insulated white cooler in a leather briefcase.
put cooler in briefcase
You put an insulated blue cooler in a leather briefcase.
n
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated orange cooler, Magellan the arachnoid
security robot, and an insulated purple cooler here.
You can go south and out.
where
Your communicator reports that...
No one is relaxing anywhere in public. Maybe you should!
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
enter shooting
[Starship "Shooting Star"; Control Capsule]
You see an improved temporary wormhole drive here.
You can go out.
sit
You sit down.
You carefully buckle your seatbelt.
power
You grasp a large lever on the control board and push it slowly away from you.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
launch
You use the ship's radio to ask flight control for launch clearance.
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Shooting Star, you have clearance to
launch. Good luck and come back to us safely."
ftl glittering
sit
You're already sitting.
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
This asteroid belt is unusually close to its star, and the slowly rotating
asteroids glitter brightly in the sunlight.
Via general sector communication, Space Station Delta transmits, "Hello there,
Shooting Star! Welcome to home space!"
eta
The ship is not moving.
ships
There are no other ships in the sector.
move
AutoStar detects 2 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Space Stations:
[1] Space Station Delta                 
   Belt Stations:
[2] Asteroid Belt Management Station    
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
2
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: Asteroid Belt
Management Station.
Would you like to dock at Asteroid Belt Management Station?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You begin the docking sequence.
power
You may not power down the ship while it is in flight.
power
You pull a large lever towards you.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
out
You scramble to your feet.
You exit the capsule.
[Asteroid Belt Management Station]
The four-person mule "Liberator", the two-person medium transport "Grey Sky",
the scout "Pathseeker", the vostok-class capsule "Bolt", and the vostok-class
capsule "Shooting Star" are parked here.
You see an automatic teller machine here.
You can go nowhere.
[Notification from Starseekers] A load of salvage has been received at League
Xenological Salvage Processing Debris-Burning Message Beacon from the two-person
medium transport "Money Maker". The organization has earned 2,061,055.09
credits.
menu
--
Asteroid Belt Station Management
--
 - RUNNING AUTOMATICALLY -
Pending Belt Management Points: 23.6
Salary Owed: 8,060,250.00
--
[1] Collect Points
[2] Pay Salary
[3] Toggle Automatic
[4] View Log
[5] Clear Log
[6] Manage Shift Orders
[7] View Parts
[8] Hire New Employee
[9] View Employees
[10] Fire Employee
Enter your selection:
8
The following potential new hires are currently applying to work at your belt
station:
[1] Shawna England (Prod: 31 Care: 67 Sal: 49,000.00)
[2] Desiree Ross (Prod: 52 Care: 68 Sal: 60,000.00)
[3] Kristal Hammond (Prod: 50 Care: 65 Sal: 57,500.00)
[4] Hire Nobody.
Enter your selection:
n
Invalid selection.
enter shooting
[Starship "Shooting Star"; Control Capsule]
You see an improved temporary wormhole drive here.
You can go out.
sit
You sit down.
You carefully buckle your seatbelt.
power
You grasp a large lever on the control board and push it slowly away from you.
Status lights blink on all around you as faint hums and beeps begin to emanate
from the various starship systems.
launch
You begin the launch sequence.
ftl new
The motion of the ship throws your body from side to side, but your seatbelt
holds you in place.
Providence Station shines brightly in the dark, one of the few stations that
bothers to illuminate its outer hull. The gleaming hull of the station is bathed
with bright white floodlights.
New Earth rotates through space before you, a startingly verdant planet, colored
in greens and blues with pure white clouds.
Via general sector communication, New Earth transmits, "Hello there, Shooting
Star! Welcome to home space!"
The computer reports that the two-person medium transport "Money Maker" has
jumped into the sector.
Via general sector communication, New Earth transmits, "Hello there, Money
Maker! Welcome to home space!"
move
AutoStar detects 4 possible destinations.  Assembling destination list.  Please
wait.
--
AutoStar (general-purpose starship autopilot) Version 9.1
--
Destinations in this sector:
   Planets:
[1] New Earth                           
   Space Stations:
[2] Space Station Alpha                 
   Ships (present location):
[3] Money Maker                         
   Space Markets:
[4] Space Market                        
--
Enter your destination:
[Type a line of input or `@abort' to abort the command.]
1
A destination appears on the ship's navigation controls: New Earth.
gen Beep beep!
Via general sector communication, this ship transmits a text-based transmission:
"Beep beep!"
Via general sector communication, Money Maker transmits a text-based
transmission: "beep beep1"
Would you like to request landing clearance at New Earth?
[Enter `yes' or `no']
y
You notify flight control of your desire to land.
gen zoom zoon
Via general sector communication, this ship transmits a text-based transmission:
"zoom zoon"
A voice comes over the speaker and says, "Hello, Shooting Star. We read your AEU
transponder. You are cleared to land at the city of New Phoenix."
power
You pull a large lever towards you.
The faint sounds and status lights of the starship's systems slowly fade away,
leaving you in a dim silence.
The computer sounds a notification indicating that the ship has been fully
charged.
out
You scramble to your feet.
You exit the capsule.
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
The vostok-class capsule "Shooting Star" is landed here.
You see an automatic teller machine, a small trash can, and a sanitation drone
here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
The vostok-class capsule "Shooting Star" is loaded onto an automated flatbed and
slowly moved into a large garage.
Your ship 'Shooting Star' has been automatically moved into a garage.
read comm
You glance at your communicator's screen.
There are no notices.
d
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated orange cooler, Magellan the arachnoid
security robot, and an insulated purple cooler here.
You can go south and out.
conquest
The AEU reached all performance goals!
Top Performers: Lily Kaise, Kim Saunders, and Shule Elemmire.
The current Conquest period began 27 minutes and 49 seconds ago. The period will
end in 3 days, 23 hours, 31 minutes, and 25 seconds.
A short yellow soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles propels
itself through the tank, stirring up tiny particles.
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Woo a 74 74."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "What would that be, Lily?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Belt employee, Eve."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "That would be nice."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Oh, duh, I'm not thinking."
tra gen cheer lily
[General Communication] Shule Elemmire cheers for Lily Kaise!
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Bright's party. Now. Let us
all get drunk together."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew cheers!
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "Good idea karasi. I'll bring
the horrible people cards!"
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "My head is like...all about
ground, so I was trying to figure out what it could have meant. At the moment, I
have a one track mind."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "Yeah, I just saw her slam two
low deps in 10 minutes."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "I will, make my goal, damn
it!"
[General Communication] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Yay! Getting drunk sounds
like a good idea at the moment since none of my other endeavors are doing much."
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Get drunk first."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Nope, work first, fun
second, till I get this goal."
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches in from the south.
out
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
out
You exit the ship.
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
u
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
go office
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office]
You see a friendly cadet orientation officer here.
You can go north, up, and out.
n
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
n
You can go north, east, south, and west.
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
w
You rapidly enter a few numbers into a keypad next to the door.
You open the door.
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Space Defense Captain]
You see the Space Defense Captain terminal and a large metal filing cabinet
here.
You can go east.
w
You can't go that way.
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has gained 4 megacredits from
AEU Scooping Solar Temporary Station.
take report
I see no "report" here.
e
You grab the door handle as you leave.
The door to the west suddenly closes.
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office; Corridor]
You can go north, east, south, and west.
s
[New Earth; Pilot Corps Liaison Office]
You see a friendly cadet orientation officer here.
You can go north, up, and out.
out
[New Earth; Spaceport Landing Pad]
You see an automatic teller machine and a small trash can here.
You can go north, south, west, and down.
The scout "AEU Navy Honour Guard Scout Epsilon-4" rises smoothly off the ground
and accelerates rapidly toward space.
The scout "AEU Navy Honour Guard Scout Iota-3" rises smoothly off the ground and
accelerates rapidly toward space.
A sanitation drone lumbers into the area.
where
Your communicator reports that...
No one is relaxing anywhere in public. Maybe you should!
d
[New Earth; Piper Wincott Memorial Garage]
You can go up.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Airlock]
You see a large secure xenology storage container, a row of flightlockers, a
glossy seashell pink ceramic felo chow bowl, and an early warning space defense
device here.
You can go out and enter into the ship.
enter dove
[Starship "William Dove"; Control Room]
You see a sleek metal quantum entanglement communication device, a rattan floor
lamp with a light purple lotus shade (casting a white-colored glow), a wormhole
drive tracer, a dark purple leather captain's chair, a large oval white and
black cloth rug, a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it, a small white trash bin, Desiree the little black and
white spotted CatBot, a glossy purple ceramic felo chow bowl, a round white
rattan coffee table with a glass top, a small yellow ball containing a realistic
Bari horde noisemaker, Meow the little calico CatBot, a wall-sized bubbling neon
purple-lit aquarium containing yellow and violet aquatic life and coral rocks, a
robotic chef named Nellie, an insulated orange cooler, Magellan the arachnoid
security robot, an insulated purple cooler, and Buddy the hefty blue soldier
felo here.
You can go south and out.
locate
The sensors currently do not have power.
locate keychain
The following could be located:
Starship                                Location
                                --
Unreality Programming 812               New Earth
Revenge                                 New Earth
Shooting Star                           New Earth
Draconis                                New Earth
Seeker's Wrath                          New Earth
Treasure Seeker                         New Earth
William Dove                            New Earth
Supernova                               New Earth
Triple Action Faction!                  New Earth
Star Of Destiny                         New Earth
Probable Solution                       New Earth
Meteor Shower                           New Earth
Israel Hope                             New Earth
Seventh Star                            New Earth
Profitable Cause                        AFW Command (Dock Four)
Flash                                   New Earth
Triple Trouble                          New Earth
Fearless                                New Earth
Lidia's Pride                           New Earth
Fait Accompli                           New Earth
Flying Cat                              New Earth
Kalliste                                New Earth
Firestorm                               New Earth
Kitten Overdrive!                       New Earth
Capricious                              New Earth
Temp Station Condensation               AFW Command (Dock Four)
Stars Wanderer                          New Earth
The Best Way To Travel                  New Earth
Bari Smasher!                           New Earth
Daisy May                               New Earth
Starlight Express                       New Earth
Celestial Explorer                      New Earth
Star Kittens                            New Earth
RockIt!                                 New Earth
Davion James                            New Earth
Star Creations                          New Earth
Vengeance                               New Earth
Courageous                              New Earth
Herding Cats                            AFW Command (Dock Four)
Striking Distance                       New Earth
Starseekers' Defender                   New Earth
Chemeketa                               New Earth
Troubleshooter's Rescue                 New Earth
Double Trouble                          New Earth
Star Shooter                            New Earth
Seeker's Wrath                          New Earth
Critical Strike                         New Earth
Asteroid King                           New Earth
Roid Seeker                             New Earth
Rockahaulic                             New Earth
Starseeker's Beacon                     AFW Command (Dock Four)
Kalina                                  New Earth
Blanche Schroeder                       New Earth
Cats Spare Parts                        AFW Command (Dock Four)
Invaders Spare Parts                    AFW Command (Dock Four)
Just Dropping In                        AFW Command (Dock Four)
The Annexation Of Barnham's Redoubt     AFW Command (Dock Four)
Star Constructor                        New Earth
Under Construction                      New Earth
Starseekers Spare Parts                 AFW Command (Dock Four)
Starseekers Spare Parts                 AFW Command (Dock Four)
Unicorn                                 New Earth
Note: Not all spaceports possess the starship locater function.
[Notification from Starseekers] The organization has gained 31,674,034.91
credits from a xenology submission.
read comm
You glance at your communicator's screen.
There are no notices.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches out.
take book
You remove a cardboard box labeled 'Books' from a leather briefcase.
A long gold soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles swims around a
plastic flower with red petals.
pope books
I don't understand that.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
open books
You open a cardboard box labeled 'Books'.
kiss lily
You kiss Lily Kaise.
smile lily
You smile at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise kisses you.
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
l books
a cardboard box labeled 'Books'
A simple box. You may LABEL it to help you identify it!
It is open.
Inside it you see a copy of "Shule's Handbook", a copy of "How To Make
Explosions And Influence Conquest", a copy of "Shule's Bio Augmentation Plant
Journal", a copy of "An AEU Pilot's Guide To Ships And Upgrades", a copy of "In
The Shop", a copy of "QE Codes: Shorthand for Quantum Entanglement Messages",
and a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made
white and sapphire star quilt on it.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well I have done some crazy and insane
salvaging."
Lily Kaise laughs.
laugh
You laugh.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "There were dividends."
'I bet!
You exclaim, "I bet!"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So I made sure I went for them."
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
'I took the opportunity to put together my aquarium album.
You say, "I took the opportunity to put together my aquarium album."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I just transferred the last of it but
org went from 4196 to currently it's at 4296 so will be more than that."
Lily Kaise chuckles.
'wow!
You exclaim, "Wow!"
'I was organizing my aquarium pictures.
You say, "I was organizing my aquarium pictures."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah I don't usually see that much left
over but the main sector in the first mission had 4 Ifs shps left over and the
second had some outsiders left in the last sector where I salvaged so I went
back for them."
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches in from the airlock.
'Nice1
You say, "Nice1."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Yeah."
Lily Kaise strokes the soft fur of Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo purrs and rubs its head against Lily's hand,
looking up at her adoringly.
sit couch
You sit down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made white and
sapphire star quilt on it.
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "There may be a salvage op at 0100.
Melinda tried to get interest earlier but nobody wanted to so hopefully she will
initiate it."
'oh, ok.
You say, "Oh, ok."
'i'd definitely be up for it.
You say, "I'd definitely be up for it."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Yeah that earlier number was a
new hire for Belt Management. I have all above 70 in prod and care but that's a
nice one."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "There was one at 74 67 but I didn't hire
them."
Lily Kaise cuddles up to you.
'Ah, ok. I  had horrible applicants.
You say, "Ah, ok. I had horrible applicants."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Aww."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "My care aren't over 70, but
all my production are over 71."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
take album from books
You remove a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print from a
cardboard box labeled 'Books'.
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "Keep working on it. You'll get
there. I had to hire 70s prod and 660s care for awhile and have gradually gotten
rid of the lower ones."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "I am still doing just that."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "Did you get eggs?"
Lily Kaise grins.
title album is Aquarium Trip: September / October 2316
You set the title of a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print
to: "Aquarium Trip: September / October 2316"
nod lily 'I did.
You nod to Lily Kaise. "I did."
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "What did you get?"
'all orange.
You say, "All orange."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Wow."
grin 'Works for me.
You grin. "Works for me."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Well we'll work on the others."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I think he probably figured I'd give you
those."
'probably
You say, "Probably."
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Well take a break and come to
Bright's."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "The gray ones and the white ones will be
the hardest though."
nod
You nod.
put album in books
You put a blue canvas photo album with a multicolored fish print entitled
"Aquarium Trip: September / October 2316" in a cardboard box labeled 'Books'.
put books in briefcase
You put a cardboard box labeled 'Books' in a leather briefcase.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I had to buy some of my eggs so if you
see dark gray or white on the market, grab them."
'I will
You say, "I will."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I will too if I see any."
smile
You smile.
squeeze lily
You squeeze Lily Kaise affectionately.
Lily Kaise squeezes you affectionately.
'I got all my aaquarium photos in the albm finally.
You say, "I got all my aaquarium photos in the albm finally."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "I only have one white egg so that's
backup for only one in the tank so hopefully they will produce one more."
nod lily
You nod to Lily Kaise.
Buddy the hefty blue soldier felo marches out.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Surprised he just sent you orange but oh
well."
'oh well.
You say, "Oh well."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "You do have black ones and one
semi-transparent and when I get an extra semi-transparent in a color I have a
backup for, will give you one."
smile lily 'Thanks.
You smile at Lily Kaise. "Thanks."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Sure."
Lily Kaise smiles at you.
[General Communication] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Hey Sakura do you have
the ship with your aquarium in it?"
caress lily on back
You gently caress Lily Kaise's back.
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "No. I don't, I was sakura
napped by sir moose. To brights."
Lily Kaise removes a sparkly purple plastic paper dispenser from a lavender silk
backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
Lily Kaise examines a sparkly purple plastic paper dispenser for a moment.
Lily Kaise makes a selection on a sparkly purple plastic paper dispenser, and a
sheet of purple paper slides out of the slot at the bottom into her waiting
hand.
Lily Kaise puts a sparkly purple plastic paper dispenser in a lavender silk
backpack embroidered with brightly hued butterflies.
[General Communication] "Oh I see." Zandria Marschaund laughs. "Well I will
rescue you, my fluffy Sakura, and we will get nice and fluffy together."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "I'm having fun sploder
drinking."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Don't rescue her. Join her."
[General Communication] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "My thought exactly."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "And beltching loud enough
that they'll hear it on the upper level maybe?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew chuckles.
[General Communication] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Or all the way to the
Calm?"
[Starseekers] Morris Corlew transmits, "Over on Helios..."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Or over on Helios..."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Be right back."
Lily Kaise scrambles to her feet.
Lily Kaise glides out.
nod
You nod.
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
[General Communication] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Or all the way to
Chetumal?"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Helios is much further."
A medium-sized thickly-shelled creature with a red shell and four small claws
beats its claws together.
[General Communication] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "Ah true enough."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "Or through the clouds at
1000000 storms."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "That's a lot of storms!"
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "All the storms!"
The airlock hatch chimes quietly.
Lily Kaise just entered the ship.
Lily Kaise sits down on a rare black EAOSian contoured couch with a hand-made
white and sapphire star quilt on it.
[General Communication] Zandria Marschaund transmits, "We'll turn that thing
into its own vibration chamber."
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "All the stormies! All ten
billion of them!"
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "All the scoooping!"
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
kiss lily on lips
You kiss Lily Kaise on the lips.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Scooooooop!"
[General Communication] Karasi Valhannon transmits, "Whoa...vibrating...what?"
Lily Kaise kisses you.
'i was orgnaizing photos while you were salvaging.
You say, "I was orgnaizing photos while you were salvaging."
A short yellow soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles rears up
suddenly from behind a plastic wrecked EAOS Defender and wraps its tentacles
around it as if trying to drag it into the deep.
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Oh nice."
grin 'Yeah, I got all of my aquarium photos in my album.
You grin. "Yeah, I got all of my aquarium photos in my album."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Wow industry is 4316."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Command is up to 95 so I don't see why
the org won't reach 100 this week."
Lily Kaise beams.
grin lily
You grin at Lily Kaise.
beam
You beam.
Lily Kaise grins at you.
Lily Kaise asks in a New Earth accent, "I have the Asteroid Processor in Herding
Cats so when you get a chance, please put a fision in there?"
'ok
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "Fission."
You say, "Ok."
'I can do that.
You say, "I can do that."
'You want me to go do that now?
You ask, "You want me to go do that now?"
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "It could probably wait I just like to go
ahead and put it together. I do need an ejecter though."
'ok. That's fine.
You say, "Ok. That's fine."
Lily Kaise says in a New Earth accent, "So need to get that from Ather or Pierre
and I think Pierre put some on a ship so will ask Melinda."
'ok
You say, "Ok."
wrap lily
You wrap your arms around Lily Kaise, pulling her close.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Hmm. Where's medical on
Tandem? I'm concerned these three might end up with alcohol poisoning..."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs.
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "Screw med. Break out horrible
people!"
[General Communication] Morris Corlew laughs.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Sounds like you need Eve
specials out there."
Lily Kaise wraps her arms around you, pulling you close.
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Get out here then."
Lily Kaise speaks into her metachannel FTL communicator:
[General Communication] Lily Kaise transmits, "I haven't seen medical there."
A short yellow soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles wraps its
tentacles tightly around a small plastic statue of a shark, then loses interest
and jets off.
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Nope. Work, goals, I must
meet my goal."
[General Communication] Aisling the Fox transmits, "Because there is no medical
center."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "Look out, karasi's got a new
battlecry!!!"
A short violet soft-bodied creature with many claw-tipped tentacles rears up
suddenly from behind a plastic shipwreck flying a pirate flag and wraps its
tentacles around it as if trying to drag it into the deep.
[General Communication] Alko Delovega transmits, "I am so blessed."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Well, hi to you too, alko."
[General Communication] Alko Delovega laughs.
[General Communication] Alko Delovega transmits, "Buttons."
[General Communication] Alko Delovega transmits, "Anyway, hay everyone."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Glad things are going well for
you, Alko."
[General Communication] Alko Delovega transmits, "Appreciated."
[General Communication] Morris Corlew transmits, "Yep."
[General Communication] Alko Delovega transmits, "Thought I won't wake up again,
after those 4 nests in a row."
[General Communication] Evenia Callseah transmits, "Fucking amazing, wasn't it?
I say we all do it again this conquest."
[General Communication] Sakura Arakida transmits, "By aisling, bye bye manx."
[General Communication] Ted Warburton transmits, "Sounds good to me."
cuddle lily
You cuddle up to Lily Kaise.
#SESSION 'star' DIED.
